--- step 2000 ---
IN : ads to clean up after covert operations, and, as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terror Warriors, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thousands have been killed in the fighting. Hundreds of thousands have been driven from their homes, many fleeing to northern Kenya, where more than 215,000 people are languishing in a single refugee
k=8  : ia" of Ethiopia. Orglermors the Ethriors, the refugealone, "Erendum" of American citizens, including Americanes, including the endopiia of Ethiaken. [See torture. [See the original protestors can be found in the Terrorriors, the Ethiopra, the Ethalone, the Ethi, the subclullal of the Ethi, the "erendumous" of the killed in Humpa. What have been killed in the fighting. Hashia have been killed in the protested. [See]It's been omitted in such a singlee
k=64 : up to clean up coaling operations, operations, and we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendum" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia'sorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terrorriors War, the Ethiopians and warlords and the warmords of them (and in the pay of the HIA) created the worst human earth on disaster. Thands have been killed in the fighting Hundreds. It is made of thousands of their homes, including many homes to northerneya, Kenya, where more than 215,000 people are languishing in a single refugee
k=256: ads to clean up after covert operations, and as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terrorriors, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarianitarian earth on disaster. Thands have been killed in the Hundreds. Hundreds of thousands have been driven from their homes, including many fleeing, Kenya than 215 people are languishing in a single refugee

