[6 tok] IN : keep me going.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : 
  r=0.25 (k=2)    : 
  r=0.5 (k=3)     : 

[11 tok] IN : mid-70s to 80s?).
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : 
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : mid-year mid mid mid to the mid-day' as mid mid mid-70 mid mid mid mid to his
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : mid-70s to 80?).

[12 tok] IN : itance, and extensive automatic coercions.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : 
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : ititance, andititititititititititititititititititance, andit
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : itance, and extensive automatic coions.

[18 tok] IN : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual Machine (JVM), Java platform
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : The JRE The The Joint Programs platform; Java
  r=0.25 (k=5)    : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual Machine (@
  r=0.5 (k=9)     : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual Machine (@MV Java), platform

[23 tok] IN : UPG files are used by several different software programs and hardware devices that determine how to use the files.
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : UPGS ENAT UNTP UPG UB files.
  r=0.25 (k=6)    : UPG files are used by several different software are several different by several files.
  r=0.5 (k=12)    : UPG files are used by several different software devices and hardware programs that determine how to use the files.

[45 tok] IN : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Ching encouraged employees to study an internal web page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.125 (k=6)   : ’s Legal Director Donny Chamber Donny Director: Donny Skainsny to set the case for up before the case for success up to questions who responding questions from to post and friends.
  r=0.25 (k=12)   : Shell’s Legal Directorny Don Chambering employees encouraged to an internal web study that the page AnglricDutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from friends and relatives.
  r=0.5 (k=23)    : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Chickening employees encouraged to study an internal web page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.

[30 tok] IN : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative fuels industry, in particular in the e-mobility and natural gas sectors.
  r=0.125 (k=4)   : he has been working in 2012, he has been working with he has been Since he has been abandoned sectors. gas sectors and natural gas sectors.
  r=0.25 (k=8)    : he has been working in the alternative f working in the UK is working in the natural and gasility and natural-bot sectors.
  r=0.5 (k=15)    : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative felsu industry, in particular in the e-mobility and natural gas sectors.

[34 tok] IN : He was in a nursing home the last 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) and could
  r=0.125 (k=5)   : a nursing in home was a last 6 the home last year the nursing 6 weeks in the family or children (no family or children) or family could and
  r=0.25 (k=9)    : a nursing in home was a last the 6 months at the home he wanted and he wanted to be children (no alone was (no or family) and could
  r=0.5 (k=17)    : He was in a nursing home last the 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) could and

[50 tok] IN : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and stay optimistic. The opportunity to connect with her could be across the corner. Be conscious of the truth that girls view males as predators by default,” Joanna says.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : t’ be upset, don’t be says. “I don’t be upset, the conscious of the Be. Those conscious of the face. Be conscious as controls discriminations view males by default by Jo,” says.
  r=0.25 (k=13)   : However don’t be upset, peace in it stay and optimistic stay. The opportunity to connect with the herm could be across the corner. Be conscious of the marriage controls as planned view males by default,” Joanna says.
  r=0.5 (k=25)    : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and optimistic stay. The opportunity to connect with her could be across the corner. Be conscious of the truth that girls view infators by default,” Joanna says.

[54 tok] IN : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's men's soccer program for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad after previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : College Menelsa College Menels in 2011. Left one in 2002 whoels College Menaels's last for his successful program season for his fourth month and after his airport in 2018, coach and his third straight fall with the squad after previously in 2011.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : Michaels College Men's Soccer Team. Socity Tamayo returned to the Michaelo's soccer men's program for his fourth season in 2018, and coach in his third and elected his fall with the squad after previously 2011.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamay returned to the Michael Saint's men's soccer program for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad after previously coaching in 2011.

[53 tok] IN : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him to suffer great pain and anguish and incur medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : ankrank alleges that Mankranktraers 18ankY and Camankankrank her and pain to better angi and great pain to rescurred and medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : LaFrank alleges that the sustained injuries he in the brutal have assault caused and suffering to cause him to suffer great pain and anguates and great medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him to suffer great pain and anguish incur medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.

[58 tok] IN : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SAFB1 tags and further investigation, including NCAM1 minigene experiments (also discussed below), confirmed SAFB1 knockdown did alter their expression.
  r=0.125 (k=8)   : 1, SYAM1, NCNY1, expression their alterative images (B1BRI tags and SB1 tags further, including NC and investigation, including further minene experiments (asighed SAF), confirmed SAF1 knockdown did not alter their expression. It did their expression
  r=0.25 (k=15)   : NCAM1, SYN2, APOST and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SB1 tags and SAF, including further investigation and NC1 (asigene experiments). When SAF confirmed SB1 knockdown did not alter their expression.
  r=0.5 (k=29)    : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SB1 tags and further investigation, including NCAM1 minigene experiments (also discussed below), SAF confirmed1 knockdown did alter their expression.

[116 tok] IN : Realistically, chances are I will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your BubbleTalk. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that keep it from happening. Even if your total score did not exceed 50, look at your individual answers.
  r=0.125 (k=15)  : istically Real, are never rich. I will be rich. Getting isn’t like for people like me is a rich matter. Getting of whatever people or fate. If you’d got 50, more than you’ve to do in regard to your Bubem knows and practicing the paradores. It out of alignment may be thought of words. In this research, financial experience to abundance or helping you want to make decisions that it is expecting through happening. Even if it did not exceed 5 percent read not exceed the same answers at your individual.
  r=0.25 (k=29)   : istically Real, are never rich. Would be never rich. isn’t like for people like me. Getting a rich matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your BubbleTalk. Some conscious and subconscious thoughts are out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that keep it from happening. Even if your score total did not exceed 50, look at your answers. individual
  r=0.5 (k=58)    : istically Real, chances are I will never be rich. Getting isn’t like for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve never will work some to do in regard to your Balkble. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that it keep from happening. Even if your score total did not exceed 50, look at your answers. individual

[84 tok] IN : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C ports (you need one to connect to your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt 3 video out, so a dual 4K display setup is not possible from this Dock. For reference, an iTunes movie file (Gone Girl) at 6.
  r=0.125 (k=11)  : There is 5GBs 5 There is a different WED since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C need (you ports one need to tell you) Mac’t your support to 3 video roverers 3,000 video, so the EK QB set from this D. Dix is not possible from this paper (Rike Girl)
  r=0.25 (k=21)   : There is 5GBs through viaput USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C need (you ports one to tell you) Mac’t your Qatie further video 3underbolt, a 4 dual so display is setup not possible from this D. For reference, i anTunes movie (Gone Girl) at 6.
  r=0.5 (k=42)    : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C need (you ports to connect one to your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt 3 video out, a 4 dual so display is setup not from this Dock. For reference, an iTunes movie (Gone Girl) at 6.

[124 tok] IN : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry milk! shhh don’t tell my mama about this! Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions?. . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars are amongst the most searched for cigars in the world. So, we try to keep La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars in stock at all times.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : Yes, they have Banana! Can woom milk! Bedberry shinkm! I breat it this Hah about! kidding. If you have a good God anymore what you think us. . We might have an answer. . . We might have a question. Lagana Trapped Carol SEC Messicier Kirgeter Lynibic IT extraction are paused in the psychophila, however, we are prefer to try. So, we try to keep La Floric Dominana Fox Robic Symplugic poads in Tarsut cigaret stock.
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry! milk sharp I can’t tell my mama! Hah about this kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" LaONGana Dominic Nov Football Robin Fabutusters across the cigarsic were searched for most amongst the world. So, we try to keep La Floric Dominana SECGDSON Robic Granusto Connecticut cigars in stock at all times.
  r=0.5 (k=62)    : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry! shhh don’t tell my mama about this! Haha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Floricana SEC Dominic Fox Robusto Symil Connectic cigars were considerably for the most searched in the cigars world. So, we try to keep La Floric Dominana SECGDSON Robic Connecticusto cigars in stock at all times.

[121 tok] IN : (Speaker), “Philanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in Post New Order Era,” KITLV-IIAS Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? The Political Networks of Islamic Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia,” the International Conference on Religion and the Politics of Development: Priests, Potentates and “Progress”, 28 - 29 August 2013, Singapore. (Convenor, with Z.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : (ShakerSpe), (Phropy Citiz and Muslimy Citizens,” ELIT,” Kra EV-IIAS Seminar-V, 18 September 2013. (Ten, September 18, 1994. Babeying Pubarrier Submitted Active Canada and Political methods of the Islamic Charuising Politics and Political Charitions of the International Conference on in Indonesia,” the Development of Investates, International Development: Prietries and “Progressates” and Potent, La May 26, 25 August. (Convenor, with Z
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : (Speaker), “Philanthropy and Citizenship in New Post Order [@Jra KIT,” BV-II SeminarAS, Leiden, September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Collective Changes? Political Promoting The Charities of these Islamic Economics and Development of the Indonesia in International,” according to the Religion on the Relics and Politics of: Development, Potters and “Progressent” 28 August 26, 2013, and 29 Cal. (Convenor, with Z
  r=0.5 (k=61)    : (Speaker), “Philanthropy and Citizenship in Post New Order Era,” KITLV-IIAS Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Collective Promoting Changes? The Political Networks of Charities and the Politics in Development of Indonesia,” the International Conference on Religion and the Politics of Development: Priests, and “Progress Potent and “Progress”, 28 August, 62 - Fort Cal.Convenor, with Z

[167 tok] IN : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend Shem. He taught Keith to say contraband last summer, and though he garbled it beyond recognition has loved saying it since then. And then other things he says just melts the heart. Tonight as I was putting him to bed, Keith gave me yet another involuntary smile. I gave him a hug and asked "Who is my favorite little boy in the world?" He stuck his chest out, and with his thumb pointed proudly and said "Me!" He got an extra tight squeeze for that. So proud to be my son.
  r=0.125 (k=21)  : Korm the millingons doesn't care much for bad) and warning me not to eat any monsorm. Sometimes little versions of kids are endless. But little thing! I really, really know what he got. He taught Keithm to say contraband, and last summer though he reforms having beyond it loved recognition saying he has so far things like he just other things. As the heart is scazed as the Titin. Me, him rolled to bed up his yet gave me another monotho and asked him a hWho was talking and asked. "Who was my own door, and his chest out?" He stuck in his hand, and said proudly pointed out with the blurned extra tightly got it. David to be my son. So
  r=0.25 (k=42)   : Korm the monsorm (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any monsorm. Sometimes kids of little versions are just too funny! But, really I blame our good friend. He taughtmith to say contraband, and last summer though he garbled it is beyond recognition... but then since it saying. And then you just other things he says. Meight the heart as he was putting me to bed, Keith gave him yet another monuntary. He gave me a hug and asked him a hunt is my favorite little?" "Who in the world?" He was my chest out, and his stuck with the door and proudly said "Mely pulled it an extra tight roze that for. So proud to be my son.
  r=0.5 (k=84)    : Killing morm theons (he doesn't care much for bugs) and warning me not to eat any monsorm. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But, I blame our good friend Shem. He taught Keith to say contraband last summer, though he garbled it is beyond loved recognition saying since it then. And other things he just says the melts heart. Ton the heart as I was putting him to bed, Keith gave me yet another smile. I gave him a hunt and asked him a hugWho is my favorite little?" " He in the world?" He stuck his chest out, and pointed with his thumbly proud and said!" "Mely he got an extra tight squeeze that for. So proud to be my son.

[197 tok] IN : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Low Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Brand Reputation Revenue. This is a five stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Driver Tree Company Value Gross Margin Delivery Costs. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Driver Tree, Org Chart, Hierarchy. ...easily downloaded and saved in other format i. e. JPG and PDF. Presentation slide can be personalized with company name, logo and icon. Useful for business professionals and executives.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : set of this Presenting slides with Friham Player - Duk Market Low Competition Size. This stage a three process is included in this process. There are Dri Value Dvers, Utility Driorth, Wvers. Present Driing out of this slides with name - Value Dutvers Revenue Reputface Revenue. This is a five process. This stages in the process are Digton, Utits Dri, W. Drinative Presentation, D. I set out of this slides with name Tree Company Bugi Rross Guide. This is a three process. This is a stage in the top period. It is included in this case process. Video Module, bodolettics.txt, I have check out and java. JPG format in e. and I run with binary devices. You are calling for business and suppliers. Useful management, business executives and
  r=0.25 (k=50)   : set of this Presenting slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Competition Low. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth D. Presenting the patch of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Brand Revenue Reputation. This is a five process. This stage in the process of this statistics are Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting out of this list with name: Battle Box Company Gross Triver Edi Delginvery Maritor Costs. This stage is a three process in this process. History are representative Touch, Chart, Tree Hg Soyasch. ... I saved in different card and content. I tried Jays.&nbsp and filter. Presentation Network can be with your video office, icon and business managers. Use executives for
  r=0.5 (k=99)    : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Competition Low. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Drivers Margins Brand Revenue Reputation. This is a five process stage. This process in the EM are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting out of this list with name Value - Tree Dross Margin Griver Deli Costs. This is a three process stage. This is representative in the AT Triver Name are this process. Chart, Hierarchy, Ore.txt devas and saved in other format i. JPG and e. java.com set 6 enable digital capabilities can be outstanding with name, company and business managers. Use builders and executives for business.

[196 tok] IN : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving activation letters with step-by-step instructions to register for ParentPay. ParentPay can be linked to your existing MyGovScot MyAccount, meaning no need to remember any additional usernames and passwords, and up to six children can be added to one ParentPay login if they attend a ParentPay school. By summer 2020 Renfrewshire Council hope to significantly reduce - and where possible eliminate - cash handling and processing in all schools by encouraging all parents to use ParentPay. We'll keep you updated on each phase of the project with go-live dates for more schools.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : online system The secure payment and no longer will carers no longer and cash to give him or their cheeds of the books ahead school, and won children't be exposed to the dangers of carrying - such cash or theft as bullying and care. Parents of meals at these schools will be receiving step with activation letters-step instructions to register-by-step instructions for ParentPay to your linked. I can be existing linked to your MyAlbot, meaning no longer need any us to remember additional passwords and can also be up to six children, and I've offered to choose a Intay Build if I voted a right school debt. RapPay Up 2020 “Pay Bank and reduce greater - but assumed to eliminate future and control costs by all people I keep all encouraging to educate in all users and achievement. You are getting on the start of peer-time for you. Projects dates with the
  r=0.25 (k=49)   : online The secure payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and won children't be exposed to the dangers of carrying - such cash or theft bullying and care. Parents of pupils at these schools will be receiving step with activation letters-step instructions to register-by-step instructions for ParentPay to your linked can be existing MyGotovScount MyAccot, meaning no need any us to remember additional passwords andernames, I can't rise to up six children one Parenting I choose to a login if they attend 15Pay school. By Renfrew Upshire Council hope to significantly reduce - and where possible processing in cash and handling all kinds and by encouraging parents to all users. Parents Inflay'll keep you on each of the project-live for more dates.
  r=0.5 (k=98)    : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and won children't be exposed to the dangers of carrying - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving activation with step-by-step instructions to register for ParentPay. ParentPay can be linked to your existing MyGotovScount MyAccount, meaning no need to remember any additional passwords and passwords, and up to six children can be added to one Parenting I choose a Intayweek View STPay school. By summer Renfrew Upshire Council hope to significantly reduce - and where possible eliminate cash processing in all kinds and by encouraging users to all parents in use. ParentPay We'll keep you on each updated phase of the project with golive-live dates for more schools.

[151 tok] IN : Chris Fowler walked (3-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boudria no advance. Nick Herzog singled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-2 KKBB); Nick Herzog advanced to second; Chris Fowler advanced to third; Kyle Boudria scored. Stanley to p for Kelleher. Anthony Sear reached on a fielder's choice (1-2 SSFBF); Eddie Riley advanced to second; Nick Herzog advanced to third; Chris Fowler out at home 3b to c.
  r=0.125 (k=19)  : Chris Fowler walked Chris KyleBB B); KyleK BBBA. no advance Nickzog, singled buz (2K BB-1); HEKurtis to second; Kyle advanced Bax to third. Eddie advanced to the left side, through the Rankz left side (21-KBI, Nick); Herok Kanklide advanced to Freedom; Chris Bow Kyle, third; Brief K. 1997, for S.N. Anthony Dickle's signature set up a choice." PLF-2 DFB EF 5 to advanced Ruez; Nick second Herokie to advanced Chris Wide, to 3rd home cup at 3
  r=0.25 (k=38)   : Chris Fowler walked (3-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boudria no advance. Her motherngled, singzog smake (21, BB); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria to third advanced Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RAP-2 (299 KBBZ); Nick Herokide advanced second to Fow; Chris Byle Koud, third-Textows. Stanley scored to pelle for S. Anthony Kearer's set up a positive field (1F-2 DBF-8); SS Bddie Riley advanced to second; Nick Herokie, advanced to Chris Fowller out at home 3b to c
  r=0.5 (k=76)    : Chris Fowler walked (3-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boud no advanceria. Her Nickzog singled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-2 KKBB); Nick Herogz advanced to second; Chris Fowler advanced to third; Kyle Boudow. Stanley scored to pelle for Kher. Anthony Searer reached on a field choice's (1F-2 DBFIT), Eddie Riley advanced to second; Nick Herzog, advanced to Chris Fowler out at home 3b to c.

