[6 tok] IN : keep me going.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : 
  r=0.25 (k=2)    : 
  r=0.5 (k=3)     : keep keep keep keep keep keep me. That keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep

[11 tok] IN : mid-70s to 80s?).
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : 
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid-E. Only mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : mid mid- 80 to 80s to 80 mid-day mid- mid mid mid to 80 to the mid-day mid with 50 to 80

[12 tok] IN : itance, and extensive automatic coercions.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : 
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : ititititititit. Onitititititititititititance.itititititititit
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : ititance and automatic extensive coapped. Sinceitititititance, an extensive automaticititanceititititates and

[18 tok] IN : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual Machine (JVM), Java platform
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : The JO The The The Joint's The J The The The The J J The The The Joint The The The The The
  r=0.25 (k=5)    : The JO of the Java of the Java consists of the Google. The double The J The The J of the Java The J of the The Java the consists
  r=0.5 (k=9)     : The Javascript of the Java of the Java ANDM), JavaM platform

[23 tok] IN : UPG files are used by several different software programs and hardware devices that determine how to use the files.
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : UNING U.S. 4201) added. UNESS.
  r=0.25 (k=6)    : UPG users by used by several different products that added. UN.
  r=0.5 (k=12)    : UPG files are used by several different devices and hardware devices that determine whether to use the files.

[45 tok] IN : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Ching encouraged employees to study an internal web page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.125 (k=6)   : from relatives Director Legal Legal Director andatives. Theyatives and relatives Director from relied before the Director’s writing for the case before responding the case for questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.25 (k=12)   : Shell’ll Director Legal Director andatives to employees encouraged an study to an web page that the web pageD-Dutcho case for the respond before case from relatives from relatives and friends.
  r=0.5 (k=23)    : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Choulding encouraged employees to an internal page that the Anglo-Dutch) for the case before responding case to questionsing from relatives and friends.

[30 tok] IN : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative fuels industry, in particular in the e-mobility and natural gas sectors.
  r=0.125 (k=4)   : Since Since he been working in been working been Since Since he Since Since Since Since Since Since Since 2012, Since its work has difficult. sectors
  r=0.25 (k=8)    : Since Since 2012, and been working in working been Since Since Since he is implemented in Since 2012, Since natural and naturalility and natural gas sectors.
  r=0.5 (k=15)    : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative fels industry, in particular in the e-b in the natural and naturalility sectors.

[34 tok] IN : He was in a nursing home the last 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) and could
  r=0.125 (k=5)   : He was a home nursing home the nursing home He was a He He was He He He He was He in his home and family) or family) and could
  r=0.25 (k=9)    : He was He nursing home nursing the home and could he wanted and he life and he was He He was a alone (no alone) and family or could
  r=0.5 (k=17)    : He was in a nursing home nursing 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (I alone) or family) could and

[50 tok] IN : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and stay optimistic. The opportunity to connect with her could be across the corner. Be conscious of the truth that girls view males as predators by default,” Joanna says.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : as predans be upset to be handled by predators. Although predators as well? When not be upset, the matter of the conscious of the Beyles of the conclusion as predery as predators even by Jo,” says.
  r=0.25 (k=13)   : However don’t be upset to be sitting in peace and stay optimistic. The opportunity to collect her. It could be across her conscious of the Be conscious of the claim as males view predators as predorters,” Jo says.
  r=0.5 (k=25)    : However don’t be upset, go away in it peace and stay optimistic opportunity. The connect to her could be across her could of the conscious of the girls that truth girls as predlement by defaultators by Jo,” says.

[54 tok] IN : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's men's soccer program for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad after previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : 2018, in 2018, Men’ Men College and his fourth and 2011. in 2018, and his team (19rd Men's season Men was last for his fourth season for his fourth season in 2018, and in 2018, and his third-ed with the fall after previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : Micha College Men's Men and his Noncer Team. Tam Tamayo returned to the son's men's head for his fourth season for his fourth season in 2018, and in 2018, and his third fall with the squad previously after a 2011.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's men's soccer season for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad previously after 2011.

[53 tok] IN : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him to suffer great pain and anguish and incur medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : in medical expenses alleges allele to find in addition to expenses in addition to alleges his family evitges alleles and anguish and angu and pain in medical expenses and medical expenses in addition to unable to him perform his daily duties.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : LaFrank alleges that sustained in his sustained injuries he was the brutal assault have to cause him to cause him and to anguish and angling and medical expenses in addition in addition to him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and to cause him to cause him to suffer and anguish and incur expenses in addition to leaving him to unable to perform his daily duties.

[58 tok] IN : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SAFB1 tags and further investigation, including NCAM1 minigene experiments (also discussed below), confirmed SAFB1 knockdown did alter their expression.
  r=0.125 (k=8)   : experiments (AugNYNYTA). It’s weak experiments. */ DB1BAF SB1B USA). At NC including NC, including NPE experiments (ene experiments), SMP confirmed SAF), knockdown1B did alter their expression.
  r=0.25 (k=15)   : NCAM1, SYNYST A2, and PDNE4 are examples of examples areB1 tags SAFB1 using NC, including NCG, targeting Ftras experiments (AlaB S confirmed SAF knockdown1 did alter their expression.
  r=0.5 (k=29)    : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SAF1 tags and further investigation, including NCAA1 minigene experiments (also discussed below), confirmed SAF confirmed as knockdown did alter their expression.

[116 tok] IN : Realistically, chances are I will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your BubbleTalk. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that keep it from happening. Even if your total score did not exceed 50, look at your individual answers.
  r=0.125 (k=15)  : istically Realist, I will never be rich. Getting rich rich isn’t for people like a rich is Getting rich. If you fate or fate. If you’t been 50, you’ve been to do some work to Bubble to your BT will I are taking rich. Some of your field to alignment of other alignment. In this experience, you want to experience, or for obsession. If you want to look about new weight, if your thoughts if. Even if the score did not exceeded at0, look at what you. If you did not have to do some time, they will be I will never have to work in some of what to do if your initial
  r=0.25 (k=29)   : istically Realist, I will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a rich matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in my Bubble to your conscious.Talkful. Some thoughts mayconscious thoughts of alignment. In other detail, you want to experience, you's neural beliefs, but you may be causing your problems like it from keep it. Even if your score did not exceed total at 50, look at your individual answers.
  r=0.5 (k=58)    : istically Real chances, are I will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your BubTalk. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience, your beliefs, but your financial mechanisms may be causing you decisions that make it happening from keep. Even if the score did not exceed total at look0, at your individual answers.

[84 tok] IN : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C ports (you need one to connect to your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt 3 video out, so a dual 4K display setup is not possible from this Dock. For reference, an iTunes movie file (Gone Girl) at 6.
  r=0.125 (k=11)  : There is 5 There, as they don’t since they’re since they not Disre not a certain-grade these two, one needyou need one (you don't) Mac) don’t Thunderbolt, out a particular, so a dual page. If you don’t have a reference, For an SIT, i’re not an example of 6.
  r=0.25 (k=21)   : There is 5GBs through USB via-C, but since they’re not DisplayPortplay, these two USB-s one needyou need one (there don't) Mac your computer 51-bolt Thunder out, a so a dual displayK setup display Sock from this Dock. For an reference, iTunes movie (Gone Girl) at 6.
  r=0.5 (k=42)    : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C ports (you need to connect to your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt 3 video out, so a dual 4K display setup is not possible from this Dock. For an reference, iTunes movie (Gone Girl) at 6.

[124 tok] IN : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry milk! shhh don’t tell my mama about this! Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions?. . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars are amongst the most searched for cigars in the world. So, we try to keep La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars in stock at all times.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : , they have Yes, Straw and Stberry milk! shirt’t tell my tell you? Hah! this Hahing If you have. If you think us what you tell us what you. .?ions. . We have an answer might have a wraw Stana milk! 1 might have a widicON AlabamaON campaign cubicutusto Connecticusto Florvia campaignON Et Marusto Robustic Network to keep La Flora La Floric assistantDSONana Eoho Robust Connectic. If you have a day.
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : , they have Yes, Straw and Stberry milk! shirt don’t tell my mama about this! Hah kiddidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? . We have an answer might have an "This is what is "This television!" on LaunchvilleON EONDS SECic Rautusto Connectic." Even the mostars are searched for the cigars for the way, we try to keep La Floric Dominic SECDSONana Robusto Robustut cigic Connecty in all at times.
  r=0.5 (k=62)    : , they have Banana Ban and Strawberry milk! shhh don’t tell my mama about this! Haha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you what. Questions? . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like look on television!" La Floric Dominic SECONDS Ra Robusto Connecticust." (You are amongst the names for cigars in the world. So, we try to keep La Flor DominicONDS SEC Bouusto Robust Connectic cigut in stocky at all times.

[121 tok] IN : (Speaker), “Philanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in Post New Order Era,” KITLV-IIAS Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? The Political Networks of Islamic Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia,” the International Conference on Religion and the Politics of Development: Priests, Potentates and “Progress”, 28 - 29 August 2013, Singapore. (Convenor, with Z.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : (Speaker,” EPhilanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in Posthhip in KIT,” VL SeminarASII Seminar, September 18 2013. 18 September, 187. (Eaker), “Fablishing Patabstron and parilropy, and Muslim Charals of The Islamic Charities and Islamic Development of Indonesia in Development,” the Development of “Gates and Exporthip in Singapore. Since August 18, China and “Procates and “Prociting”, 28 August 2013, Singapore. Singapore, August 2 and Z
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : (Speaker) LePhilanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in New Post Order Era KITLV-LII Seminar, Leiden, September 18 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronabey) Promoting Collective or the Networks The Political Networks and Islamic Charities of the Development in Indonesia,” Development on Rel Religion on the Politics and the Yigion, Potters: and “Procates”, 28 La. December 2014 Singapore, August 2013, (Convenor. Z with
  r=0.5 (k=61)    : (Speaker), “Philanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in New Post Order Era KITLV-IIAS Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? The Networks of Networks of Islamic Charities and the Politics in Indonesia on Development Relig on the International Conference and the Politics of the Development: Potters, and “Progress and “to 28”, August 2013, Singapore. August 18, 2013, (Convenor, with Z.

[167 tok] IN : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend Shem. He taught Keith to say contraband last summer, and though he garbled it beyond recognition has loved saying it since then. And then other things he says just melts the heart. Tonight as I was putting him to bed, Keith gave me yet another involuntary smile. I gave him a hug and asked "Who is my favorite little boy in the world?" He stuck his chest out, and with his thumb pointed proudly and said "Me!" He got an extra tight squeeze for that. So proud to be my son.
  r=0.125 (k=21)  : Killing the millingness really. But much caret much care) not me warning me not to any mormons + mormeless words of versions I just think. But really! But really, really good friend She good friend. Keith taught to say contraband contra to love though he garbled and though it has loved recognition beyond. And then it then other person. When I was putting him the heart. Tubts and he was putting him to Keith, gave yet another punishment. I smileary. **All man and none of his shoulders and was in my world?" He in the little boy?" He turned out his and his leg with his face, and "Mean!" "I got this right to be proud of my son. So to be proud to my life. So I have gotten out the heart and the heart of the Titts. He gave me yet another yet another gestary and his
  r=0.25 (k=42)   : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care) bugs for warning and not me to eat any mormons. Sometimes little versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend She was. Hem taught Keith to say contraband, summer, though he garbled and though it has loved recognition beyond. And then it other thing. And he just says melts the heart. Tubon as I was putting him to Keith, gave yet another yet gave meary. I smilearyunt and a hug asked and asked my little is my favorite boy in the world?" He little boy and his out with his chest and pointed out "I!" "Mean and got this extra tightly pulled for that squeeze. So to be my son.
  r=0.5 (k=84)    : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little versions of kids are just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend Shem. He taught Keith to say contraband last summer, and though he garbled it beyond recognition has loved saying it since saying then. And then other things he just says melts. Tonight Ton as I was putting him, Keith gave me yet another gave involuntary smile. I gave him a hug and asked "Who is my favorite little boy in the world?" He stuck his chest out, and his back with his thumb pointedly and "Mean!" "You got an extra tight squeeze that for So to be my son.

[197 tok] IN : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Low Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Brand Reputation Revenue. This is a five stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Driver Tree Company Value Gross Margin Delivery Costs. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Driver Tree, Org Chart, Hierarchy. ...easily downloaded and saved in other format i. e. JPG and PDF. Presentation slide can be personalized with company name, logo and icon. Useful for business professionals and executives.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : ing Presenting this set of Drivers Line Brivers Line. This Competition Low Competition was a stage. This process are in this process are in Driton D Utility, Drivers, Worth Driversing. Presenting of name with slides of name - On Marvers Marriain Revenueation. Revenueut stage. This five process is a process in this stages are Driton Value Date, the Wrivers, Driversing this set. Presenting this list of name with Battle Company Tree Ritutes in this case. This is a three-s. This is a process in this process. In this process are included in the Chart, Org, Tree Charto, and I have changed with all cluster. I e. format and i. 3 e.D. Driton, Driors and staff.
  r=0.25 (k=50)   : ing Presenting of slides with name - Value Drivers Line Market Size Large Competition Low This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are in Driton Dversility Utvers, Driorth Worthvers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Revenue Reputation Revenue Reps. This stage five process is a process in this stages are Dri Value Driility Utvers, Wrivers Dashton Presenting this set. Hosting name with Value - Driver Company Tree Value Margin's Delivery Costa. This is a stage process. This process in this process are included in Driver Dits, Orgart, Chierarchy. ... (asily downloaded and saved in the format. e. I try J. slide and Presentation can be installed with customer name, company and build. Use logo and business executives.
  r=0.5 (k=99)    : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Competition Low This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Reut Repation Revenue. This is a five stage process. The process stages in this process are Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worthri Driversing. Presenting this slides of name - Value Driver Tree Company Value Marginross Marginivery Costsvery. This is a stage process. The stages in this process are Value Driver Tree, Charto, Hierarchy, b. Hely and downloaded in other format and j. e. I JPG and PDF. Presentation will be installed with digital name, company and logo. Use and business executives.

[196 tok] IN : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving activation letters with step-by-step instructions to register for ParentPay. ParentPay can be linked to your existing MyGovScot MyAccount, meaning no need to remember any additional usernames and passwords, and up to six children can be added to one ParentPay login if they attend a ParentPay school. By summer 2020 Renfrewshire Council hope to significantly reduce - and where possible eliminate - cash handling and processing in all schools by encouraging all parents to use ParentPay. We'll keep you updated on each phase of the project with go-live dates for more schools.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : online secure payment. The client used to lose longer will no longer havers or cash their cheque or their books ahead of the books won't children and won' be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and puprs care of England will be receiving these schools with step-cuting response to register for birth instructions to registering. ParentayPay linked to be linked to your new canbot MyScot MyIs no need to remember any needable and passwordern us and not to up, and I's up to 15 minutes and let if I login a higher training. By school summer in Long school you’s hope to receive higher Council/shared hope to live and lack of all parents and all encouraging to all in my parents to all encouraging users to reflecting by all. You can be linked for more than schools.
  r=0.25 (k=49)   : online secure payment system means parents care and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of these atils will be schools with step range-related manner with respect to registering laws for registering. ParentayPay linked to be linked to your MyG MyotScov My Subfinding no need to remember any collection and passwordern us and passwords up to six children, and I also to one Parenting if they login a Randing a Parent school. By summer school Friedfrew Renire Council will make higher and eliminate $7, and reduce the installation and handling processing in all users to encouraging all parents to use all. I'll keep you on the phase of each updated on the project with go-livelive. schools for more than
  r=0.5 (k=98)    : The secure payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving subsequent activation with stepby-step-step instructions to register for ParentPayay. ParentPay can be linked to your MyGot MyAccount Myount, no need to remember any additional usernes and passwords, and up to six children can be added to one ParentPay login if they attend a ParentPay school. By summer 2020 2020 Renfrewshasters to hope significantly reduce - and appreciate where possible - and handling processing in all schools and by all encouraging parents to use ParentPay. We'll keep you on each phase updated on the project of go-live dates more schools.

[151 tok] IN : Chris Fowler walked (3-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boudria no advance. Nick Herzog singled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-2 KKBB); Nick Herzog advanced to second; Chris Fowler advanced to third; Kyle Boudria scored. Stanley to p for Kelleher. Anthony Sear reached on a fielder's choice (1-2 SSFBF); Eddie Riley advanced to second; Nick Herzog advanced to third; Chris Fowler out at home 3b to c.
  r=0.125 (k=19)  : ler Fow Chris Brigue; KyleBB); Kyle Brief. Her advance. Nickzogled singled, E BBK); BBK-1); to second advanced to second; Bairburg advanced Joudria Bddie. Eddie Riley, to the last RBI (2-2). Border IK); Nick Balls advanced second; Chris Batalz. Nick Kyle; Kyle Bang, singer. That for Kelleherelle S. Anthony Searer reached a field's set up on EONGISA; Chris Bachelor had second to live. Riley; to advanced third of Chris Shide, at home 3 out home 3buts at home to three years, RAPP, RBI (23, RAPH, the most of my wier Byle, Kyle Byle K. 364 to the final time in S.C. Kearinson’s
  r=0.25 (k=38)   : ler Fow Chris walked (3-1 BBK); KyleBB Joudria. Her advance Nick, no singledzognt (20. Even EK BB); Fowler advanced to second Kyle Kyle, advanced Jakie Edd. Rankled through singled left side, the RBI (22, B); NickKorder, The second advanced to Chris Bothowler advanced to the Kyle; Kyle scored. Stanley added to pinnelle for Kher. Anthony Searer reached a field's choice (1-2FUFBF); Eddie Riley to second; Nickiley advanced to third; Chris BFide to work at home 3b to c.
  r=0.5 (k=76)    : Chris Fowler (3 walked-1 BBK); KyleBB Boudria no advance. Her Nickzogled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Koud Bria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-2 KBB); Nick Herogz advanced second; Chris Fowler to advancedowler; Kyle Boudyle scored. Stanley to p. Kelleher. Anthony Sear reached on a field's choice (1-2FU-2FB); EFddie Riley to second; Nick Herzogide to advanced; Chris Bowler out at home 3b to c.

