--- step 2000 ---
IN : ads to clean up after covert operations, and, as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terror Warriors, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thousands have been killed in the fighting. Hundreds of thousands have been driven from their homes, many fleeing to northern Kenya, where more than 215,000 people are languishing in a single refugee
k=8  : of the United States, and the Mi. They were the Ethiopals, the context of the "rendum" of refugees, including American citizens of the Ethiopia and end of the Iraq's tortorious decision. below for more note below. [SKi, the following part of the Ethical Ethics and the Ethi, the the Ethicism of the Hoyd. They have been killed in the case of the Hazish. Thearing have been killed in the world of his views. Hearing have been made in the thousands of the most of the Hi.S. There is more important for the following of the most of the
k=64 : clean up to cont after co operations, and we reported here, long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links. Together, the American Terrorriors War, the Ethiopamine and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thous people have been killed in the fighting. Hundreds of thousands have been driven from their homes, including many flee, many other than Kenya, where more than 2,000 people are languishing in a single refugees
k=256: ads to clean up after covert operations, and as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links. Together, the American Terrorriors War, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thands have been killed in the fighting. Hundreds of thousands have been driven from their homes, many homes, fleeing Kene to northern Kenya, where more than 2,000 people are languishing in a single refugee

