--- step 2000 ---
IN : ads to clean up after covert operations, and, as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terror Warriors, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thousands have been killed in the fighting. Hundreds of thousands have been driven from their homes, many fleeing to northern Kenya, where more than 215,000 people are languishing in a single refugee
k=8  : of the United States's not been founding. Therefore, the world of the warchan's desire to alleles of the American, including citizens, American attacks with the Miopia's death of torture. [See also explained below more links for links. Together, the U.S. They have the warnings and the warchan and the warnings of the ware. The war and the other areas of the "expected in the world of the war. Half-Hetting in the last year. The most of the people have been seen in the future. [S.S.] The most of the other links. Hutch, the most of the H.S.
k=64 : Up to clean up coaling, operations, and we reported here as long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terrorriors, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thands have been killed in the fighting Hous. Hands have been made from their homes, including many of fleeing northern, where Kenya more than 215 people are languishing in a single refugee
k=256: ads to clean up after covert operations, and as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terrorriors War, the Ethiopians and warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thands have been killed in the fighting. Hundreds of thousands have been driven from their homes, many fleeing to northern Alya, where more than 215 people are languishing in a single refugee

