--- step 2000 ---
IN : ads to clean up after covert operations, and, as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terror Warriors, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thousands have been killed in the fighting. Hundreds of thousands have been driven from their homes, many fleeing to northern Kenya, where more than 215,000 people are languishing in a single refugee
k=8  : of the suti. Ethiopals and the warchia and the warnumal of the refugees" of refugees, including American citizens, including the end of Ethiopia. [Suppingles torture. [See below for more links in a few years, and the following the warnoures of the warch and the Ethiperch and the warnour in the world. The war, the sutum of the Humpa. H. H.S. Humpa comes in the center of the African-diami. The Hiis, in a few years in the refugees have been seen in a single refugees
k=64 : to clean up to co after operations, as we, as reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links. Together, the American Terrorriors, the Ethiopians, the warlopords warlords of them (some in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian earth. Thands on the death have been killed in the Hundreds of thousands have been driven by their homes, including many homes fleeing Kenya, Kenya than 2 more than 2,000 people are languishing in a single refugee
k=256: ads to clean up after covert operations, and as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links. Together, the American Terrorriors War, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some warlords of them directly in the pay of the CIA have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thousands have been killed in the fighting. Hundreds of thousands have been driven from their homes, many flee to Kenya, where Kenya more than 215 people are languishing in a single refugee

