[6 tok] IN : keep me going.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : 
  r=0.25 (k=2)    : 
  r=0.5 (k=3)     : 

[11 tok] IN : mid-70s to 80s?).
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : 
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : 
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : tos

[12 tok] IN : itance, and extensive automatic coercions.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : 
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : 
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : 

[18 tok] IN : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual Machine (JVM), Java platform
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : 
  r=0.25 (k=5)    : TheRE consists of the J Machine Virtual Java (In a IPMI and platform
  r=0.5 (k=9)     : TheRE consists of the J Machine Virtual Java (Meta Java), platform

[23 tok] IN : UPG files are used by several different software programs and hardware devices that determine how to use the files.
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : 
  r=0.25 (k=6)    : are used by files are used used are used by PMAC devices are used by different software several different software programs by different several different software software are different from
  r=0.5 (k=12)    : UPG files are used by different software devices and hardware devices that determine how to use the files.

[45 tok] IN : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Ching encouraged employees to study an internal web page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.125 (k=6)   : ’s Director Legal’s Donny Chadesny Donny Chamberingny Don’t set before the case for responding before the case for responding to relatives from rel to relatives.
  r=0.25 (k=12)   : Shell’s Director Legalny Chamber to employees study an internal web to an internal page that the Anglift plan set companyDutch up for the case before respond to rel from relatives.
  r=0.5 (k=23)    : Shell’s Director Legal Donny Chickening to employees study an internal web page that the Anglo-Dutch set up the case for before responding to questions from relatives and friends.

[30 tok] IN : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative fuels industry, in particular in the e-mobility and natural gas sectors.
  r=0.125 (k=4)   : Since he has been he has 2012, he has been he has abandoned Since Since Since Since Since Since Since Since, it is mixed.
  r=0.25 (k=8)    : Since he has been 2012, he in the alternative fended in the alternative gas and working sectors in Since gas natural gas and sectors.
  r=0.5 (k=15)    : Since he has been working in the alternative fighter industry, in particular, in the e-mobur sectors and gas natural sectors.

[34 tok] IN : He was in a nursing home the last 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) and could
  r=0.125 (k=5)   : nursing a nursing in a home last 6 the last day 6 the last home 6 weeks in the family or) and family could) or family) and could
  r=0.25 (k=9)    : nursing a nursing in a home last the 6 weeks he wanted to and he wanted to be children and he had to say children or (no family) and could
  r=0.5 (k=17)    : He was in a nursing home last 6 weeks the life of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) could

[50 tok] IN : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and stay optimistic. The opportunity to connect with her could be across the corner. Be conscious of the truth that girls view males as predators by default,” Joanna says.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : t’t be upset, go away, go away? I go upset, go away the truth of the girls that of the truth. Because of the conscious truth of the girls that predators as predators,” King says.
  r=0.25 (k=13)   : However don’t be upset, go away and stay in peace and optimistic opportunity. The opportunity to connect the corner. Be caught the corner of the truth. Because of the social incidentators as predators,” says. Joanna says.
  r=0.5 (k=25)    : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and stay optimistic. The opportunity to connect with her could be the corner. Over the truth of the girls that view males as predators by default,” Joanna says.

[54 tok] IN : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's men's soccer program for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad after previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : Collegeels Mena Collegeels in his 10-string. Venezas’s fourth season for his fourth season as an assistant for his fourth season as his fourth season for his third and dropped in his third and winning his squad after the previously fall in 2011.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : a Michels College Men’s Stots (2018). Team Constral Davis. Tamay to the returnedo to Saint's soccer program for his fourth season as an assistant in his third and dropped his third-offs after the squad previously been in 2011.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint's Michael men's soccer program for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third fall straight with the squad previously in 2011.

[53 tok] IN : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him to suffer great pain and anguish and incur medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : Qankrank alleges that the client. duties that the personal and irritate. After and anguish and angi and feeling and gestish and anguam in addition expenses in addition to medical and unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : F Larank alleges that the sister has sustained in the brutal assault have caused and suffering to gain great pain to suffer him to mean and anguish and translusive in addition to expenses and his unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and continue to cause him great suffer to pain and anguish and medical incur expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.

[58 tok] IN : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SAFB1 tags and further investigation, including NCAM1 minigene experiments (also discussed below), confirmed SAFB1 knockdown did alter their expression.
  r=0.125 (k=8)   : SY1, SY1, ERNARE. This expression, their answer. Similarly and specific investigation1B and tags further investigation1 and FBHR, including NC1 and maintained (also discussed above experiments (B1AF knockdown S1B alter their expression.
  r=0.25 (k=15)   : NCAM1, SYNYPO ASTN and PDE4 areB examples of genes with multiple images of S1 and tags further, including NCAMG, including NCalso (6) experiments), TakenB1AF knockdown S1 expression could alter their expression.
  r=0.5 (k=29)    : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4 are examples of genes with SB1 multiple tags and further investigation1B, NCAM and including minigene (also discussed below), confirmed SAF1B knockdown did alter their expression.

[116 tok] IN : Realistically, chances are I will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your BubbleTalk. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that keep it from happening. Even if your total score did not exceed 50, look at your individual answers.
  r=0.125 (k=15)  : istically Realies, whose rich. Come rich be rich. Getting isn’t like people for me like a lot of matter is luck or fate. If you got more mind than some’ve got you to some mindy Bubble to your Balkub to the Buddconscious. In contrast of more alignment out. In other words of alignment can be essential to experience, financial abundance experience has to achieve the same experience upon education. Even if it was not your happening. Even if the score did not exceed total your answers.
  r=0.25 (k=29)   : istically Realies, Your depub. rich be rich. Getting isn’t like people for me. Getting rich matter of a luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to the BubbleT your conscious. Someice and subconscious thoughts may be out of other alignment. In order of experience, financial changes to identify your phenomenon, but your beliefs may be causing you to keep that decisions from it. Even if your score did not exceed 50, 50, look at individual answers.
  r=0.5 (k=58)    : istically Realies, are chances I will be never rich. Getting isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your Bubble. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that it from happening. Even if your score did not exceed 50, 50, look at your individual answers.

[84 tok] IN : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C ports (you need one to connect to your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt 3 video out, so a dual 4K display setup is not possible from this Dock. For reference, an iTunes movie file (Gone Girl) at 6.
  r=0.125 (k=11)  : There is 5GB There is a minimum, but I’re since they’re not DisplayPort-release System ports (C- USB one need to connect one (you need to Dult’ control would be extra, so out a 3 video, so out a reference. For Dock, reference. For this reference: ETockone for 1.49
  r=0.25 (k=21)   : There is 5GBs through USB- via USB, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two-C USB ports (you need to one connect-to D need to assist their Mattie’s out, so a 3 video goes on a cluster display Sj is not possible from this. For reference, iTunes movie (one Girl file) at 6.
  r=0.5 (k=42)    : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C ports (you need to one connect your Mac) to don’t support Thunderbolt, so a out 3 video 4K display is not possible from this paper. For reference, an iTunes movie (Tunes file Girl) at 6.

[124 tok] IN : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry milk! shhh don’t tell my mama about this! Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions?. . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars are amongst the most searched for cigars in the world. So, we try to keep La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars in stock at all times.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : Yes, they have Yes, they can sh milk! She shhh! don’t throhhahing Zahidding Haha kidd you. If you have a brain. Questions? think you. Questions. " This answer is an answer. We have a answer. "This uherier Clinic SEC Bagusto Steter \[[@B46]) were overlooked in the cigaretbecic Rocky gamics "He loves to Dominic Doministic La Dominier, Dominic NovONDS Robic Arutoust cigic cigaret cigut cig
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : Yes, they have Yes,berry milkrawberry shoom! Don don’t tell my mama about this! Hiddah kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you. Questions? . . We have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" "Wic Vegas Dominic SEC Katusto Khicwin ) was used for the poor cigars for the most searched in world. So, we try to keep La Dominic Dominana Nov, Dominana SECZONDS Aricutusto Connectic cigusty in all times.
  r=0.5 (k=62)    : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry milk shhh! don’t tell my mama about this! Hah kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Floric Eana DominicONDS Robic Connecticusto cigars were searched for the most amongst the world. So, in the world. So we try to keep La Floric Dominana SECONDS Robicut Connecticusto cigust in stock all times at

[121 tok] IN : (Speaker), “Philanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in Post New Order Era,” KITLV-IIAS Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? The Political Networks of Islamic Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia,” the International Conference on Religion and the Politics of Development: Priests, Potentates and “Progress”, 28 - 29 August 2013, Singapore. (Convenor, with Z.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : (Faspeaker (Sy Muslim andropy Citiz Muslim and Citiz Post in New Post Order [@LITV-LAS Seminar, LezAN (Speaker, January 2013. (Speaker Puberonous Plabage Pubrony and Islamic Progressment of the Charities and Islamic Politics of the International Conference in 2011, on the International Development of Mark in the International Standards in A: “LVIT,” and 8, 28 “citing”, and 28 August 26, 2013, - 29Convenor. ZConven with
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : (Faspeaker (Ganthropy and Muslim Citizenship in New Post Order Era,” KVLIT-VAS Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Estabron Patitorae or Collective Promoting? The Political Changes of Charities and Islamic Politics of the International Conference in 2011, on the International Development Religics and the Politics of the Politics, Potests: Development and “Progress” 28 August 26, 2013, - 29 August. Singapore, ZConven with Zor
  r=0.5 (k=61)    : (Faspe), “Phropanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in New Post Order Era KIT,” KV-IIAS Seminar, Leiden, September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Collective Changes? Political Political The Networks of Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia,” the International Religion on the Religion and Politics of the Star Reests, Potent and “Progress” 28 August 26, 2013, and Singapore. (Convenor with Z,

[167 tok] IN : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend Shem. He taught Keith to say contraband last summer, and though he garbled it beyond recognition has loved saying it since then. And then other things he says just melts the heart. Tonight as I was putting him to bed, Keith gave me yet another involuntary smile. I gave him a hug and asked "Who is my favorite little boy in the world?" He stuck his chest out, and with his thumb pointed proudly and said "Me!" He got an extra tight squeeze for that. So proud to be my son.
  r=0.125 (k=21)  : Killing the minemotent to care much for bugs care) much for care to eat any not masting. Sometimes littleons. Sorry things are words of just versions! I think our blame, really good I’ve taught Keith. He taught to Abra last summer contention, though he gar and though it has loved beyond recognition.” He says it so he just other things like he says. And then I just putting her as was putting to Tithen, yet gave me Keith gave him a door. I gave him and he was a good mom and "Who was my mother and asked me back in his chest, and his hand out loudly reminded and said "Murned!" " He got an extra tightly out of my son. David to be my son.
  r=0.25 (k=42)   : Killing the monsorm (he doesn't care much for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our friend. She was good way Keith taught to lastraband contra last summer, though he garbled and it comes beyond recognition has discovered so then. And then other things he says. Mets the heart melanelon was putting as Iight him, yet to Keary gave me another smile. She gave him a hunt and I was asked my little "Who?" "W in my favorite boy?" " Oh the victim was his back and handed out, his quietly said and proudly called "Me tight an extra roasted that for So. He be proud to my son.
  r=0.5 (k=84)    : Killing the mormons (he doesn't care much for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our friend. Shem taught Keith to say contraband last summer, though he garbled and though it is beyond many discovered saying before it then. And then other things he says just melts the heart. Tonight was putting as I beat him to Keary, yet gave me another involuntary. I gave him a hug and I asked my little is "Who?" He stuck in the world my chest, and his chest outward with pointed proudly and said "Mely!" He got an extra tight roned for that squeeze. So to be my son.

[197 tok] IN : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Low Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Brand Reputation Revenue. This is a five stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Driver Tree Company Value Gross Margin Delivery Costs. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Driver Tree, Org Chart, Hierarchy. ...easily downloaded and saved in other format i. e. JPG and PDF. Presentation slide can be personalized with company name, logo and icon. Useful for business professionals and executives.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : set this Presenting of this set Information Feiles Line The Fri Market various map. This is a three stage. The process stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Drivers Worth D. Presenting this set of name with slides - Dash Revenue Rutation Revenue. This Reutation is a period. This stages in the process is Dny Value are Dat, Utv Dobl, D. Presenting Present Present Present. Dashy version of Value - name onto Qi Tvery Mar's Delvery Margini Gvery section is a three. This stage are in this process, Value DOSU. This process works like Hips, ... Soychat. @asleps.txt and run in java. J. I tried e. and cloud service management and tickets.
  r=0.25 (k=50)   : set this Presenting of slides with name - Value Dri Market Large Topics Competition Low. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Drivers, Drivers Worth D. Presenting this set of name with slides - Drivers Margins Revenue Reputation Revenue. This is a five stage process in this process. The stages are Drivers, Utriility Drivers, Presenting. Present Driversing of this set with slides name - Value Dross Terry Margin's Deli Gvery Guide three. This is a stage period. The process in this case, ROVE Chart, Tree Org, Hierarchy.com (e) # keep forward and changed in javascript. J.&gt and run. Mix Network can be helpful by Google logo and marketing name, with business managers.
  r=0.5 (k=99)    : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Competition Low. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Drivers Margins Revenue Reputation. This is a five stage process. This is in the presence process (Crivers Driility, Utvers Drivers Wing Present. Driversing of this set slides with name - Value Tree Company Gross Terry Marginivery Costs. This is a three stage. This process in this process are the representative sections. Driver, Orgart Hierarchy, ... All. @eas changed and other run in format. I see JPG and java. . tabation can be visualized, manager and marketing cards.

[196 tok] IN : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving activation letters with step-by-step instructions to register for ParentPay. ParentPay can be linked to your existing MyGovScot MyAccount, meaning no need to remember any additional usernames and passwords, and up to six children can be added to one ParentPay login if they attend a ParentPay school. By summer 2020 Renfrewshire Council hope to significantly reduce - and where possible eliminate - cash handling and processing in all schools by encouraging all parents to use ParentPay. We'll keep you updated on each phase of the project with go-live dates for more schools.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : online payment The secure online system for users and no longer will have no longer to catch their books and cheque books for the run school, and won't be children to the dangers of carrying - cash or such as theft or bullying. Parents and pupils of carers and 1,000 schools will be receiving out-related manner with two parts of responday to ParentP. Parent for linked to your first side, are linked to My My MyQoftable type, no need any remember, and it must need to passwords up and disabled, I can also be added to one children' reflect if a View 15Pay Monay school. Renraried 2020 Council By Bank, “Pay to enjoy and reduce longer - where possible increase and increasing costs to all I am encouraging students in all by users to use all kinds and check for those with the classroom.
  r=0.25 (k=49)   : online payment The secure system means parents care and will no longer have to catch cash for search or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying - cash or theft as bullying. Parents and pupils of carers at these schools will be receiving step with letters activation-step register to register instructions for ParentPay to Parent. MyPay linked to your MyGotScov MyQ to any simple meaning, no need any alternative rememberable them and passwords, and up to first one I can't be added to six Parent if you ask a View Goay. More than RenPay school elections, while decided to affect hope significantly - and reduce possible where improvements to eliminate all kinds and in remote settings by all users to let'll use all. I'll keep you forward on each of the internet-live dates with more. Belive for the
  r=0.5 (k=98)    : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying - cash such as theft or bullying. Parents and pupils of at these schools will be receiving with step parts of marriage-by-step instructions to register for ParentPay. ParentPay can be linked to your MyGotScov Myreal; meaning no need any time, rememberable to us and passwords up and disabled, and to six children can be added to Parenting one if I choose a login Headshay. By school Renire Bank, Nfrew program significantly hope to meet and reduce - where possible deployment and increasing all kinds in all schools and by encouraging users to use all. You'll keep you. We'll keep on each project of the right-live schools for more than dates.

[151 tok] IN : Chris Fowler walked (3-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boudria no advance. Nick Herzog singled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-2 KKBB); Nick Herzog advanced to second; Chris Fowler advanced to third; Kyle Boudria scored. Stanley to p for Kelleher. Anthony Sear reached on a fielder's choice (1-2 SSFBF); Eddie Riley advanced to second; Nick Herzog advanced to third; Chris Fowler out at home 3b to c.
  r=0.125 (k=19)  : ler 7. Fow Chris Dustler Fyle Kassini Byle Kipzog. Her singzog, bunt (20. Chris BALK); BBAMP, four Kyle; Jang second to gun." Rddie. Eddie Rank, side (2-2 RAP, the left side). Heroes NickzK(t); advanced in The Fogz Chris to Bray. Stanford scored in K. Stanley scored to center-tracting a field on reached a set of CFINUBLR-84) SSF 1FUNF; second, Herie to join advanced Stezie; Chris Balls; at 3 to home c.
  r=0.25 (k=38)   : ler 7. Fow Chris ste-12)BBK); Kyle Boudria no advance. Herogz singer, bunt (26-K BB); Chris Fowler advanced to Kylehang, advanced to third advanced Jostie.dd Rachel through the singled side, Rank (2-2). Her love NickKz); The HEogz advanced to second; Chris Fyle Koud, to third; Bairley scored. Kyle for pearher in Anthony. Searer reached a field onUF-8 ERRer SSFU 0 Eddie advanced to Riley; second Steiley - The advanced to join Aller, at home 3b to c.
  r=0.5 (k=76)    : Chris Fowler walked (3-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boud no advanceria. Nick Herzogled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Bair advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-299 KK-2); Nick Herogz, The advanced to second; Chris Fowler to advanced third; Kyleley scored. Stanria for pearelleing on S. Anthony Searer reached a field choice." DF-841 at EddFUNP); Eiley advanced to second; Nickzog, The advanced to be; Chris Fowler at home cb.

