[6 tok] IN : keep me going.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : 
  r=0.25 (k=2)    : 
  r=0.5 (k=3)     : keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep me keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep me keep keep

[11 tok] IN : mid-70s to 80s?).
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid- we're mid- mid mid to his mid mid mid mid mid mid mid
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid- we' mid mid mid mid- mid mid to mid mid mid mid mid
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : mid-s70 tos?).

[12 tok] IN : itance, and extensive automatic coercions.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : ititititititititititititititititititititit,itititititititititit init
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : ititititititititititititititititititititit,ititititititititititit in
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : ititance and extensive, nonercions.

[18 tok] IN : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual Machine (JVM), Java platform
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : The J The The The The The Joint The platform
  r=0.25 (k=5)    : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual Java Machine of the Java platform
  r=0.5 (k=9)     : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual Java Machine (M), JavaScript

[23 tok] IN : UPG files are used by several different software programs and hardware devices that determine how to use the files.
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : UNSS. In U UN U U U US Ux UNESS.
  r=0.25 (k=6)    : UPG are used files are several different by several different products that are used.
  r=0.5 (k=12)    : UPG files are used by several different devices that hardware devices and determine how to use the files.

[45 tok] IN : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Ching encouraged employees to study an internal web page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.125 (k=6)   : ’s Legal’s Director Donny Donaya Bny Don’s Legal’s Director’s Legal for the case up for the case for up to correct from relatives from relieve friends and friends.
  r=0.25 (k=12)   : Shell’s Legal Donny Doning to employees to study an internal web page that the web page that it originally needDutch company for the case up for the relatives from relieve friends and friends.
  r=0.5 (k=23)    : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Ching encouraged employees to study an internal web page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the caseing to questions responding from relatives and friends.

[30 tok] IN : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative fuels industry, in particular in the e-mobility and natural gas sectors.
  r=0.125 (k=4)   : Since he has been he has been he has been he has been he has been he has been. Since
  r=0.25 (k=8)    : Since he has been working in the working in the working in the he has been has he has been gas and natural sectors gas.
  r=0.5 (k=15)    : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative fuels industry, in particular in the e-mob gas and natural sectors.

[34 tok] IN : He was in a nursing home the last 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) and could
  r=0.125 (k=5)   : a nursing in a nursing home last the 6 months at the last home, a nursing in a nursing care, who had family or family) or family
  r=0.25 (k=9)    : in a nursing home in a last the home 6 months he wanted to be and he wanted to life (no children or (no children family) or
  r=0.5 (k=17)    : He was in a nursing home last 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) or

[50 tok] IN : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and stay optimistic. The opportunity to connect with her could be across the corner. Be conscious of the truth that girls view males as predators by default,” Joanna says.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : t be’t be honest as by defaultators. Shet bet’t bet’t wonder the person. Be conscious of the Be conscious of the man. Nott signed by predators by default by Joanna says.
  r=0.25 (k=13)   : However don’t be upset, and stay in peace and stay optimistic. The opportunity to connect with the opportunity. My across the corner of conscious Be the conscious of us. In applicants signed by default by law,” saysanna.
  r=0.5 (k=25)    : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and stay optimistic opportunity. The opportunity to connect with her could be across the corner of conscious. Be the girls view that males as predators by default,” Joanna says.

[54 tok] IN : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's men's soccer program for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad after previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : and Collegeelsels College Men in his third and scored Collegeels College (19elsels College Menelsels College for his fourth season for his fourth season for his fourth and his third in 2018, and his third and his straight in the squad after previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : Michaels College Men's third supermarket Team. Tamayo Tamay returned to the Statea’s soccer men's soccer for his fourth season and his third in 2018, and his third and his straight after the squad were previously after 2011.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Michael Saint's soccer men's basketball for his fourth season as assistant coach an assistant in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad previously after 2011.

[53 tok] IN : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him to suffer great pain and anguish and incur medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : in additionrankankers to find in addition to him. Thankankankrankankank alleles and better pain and great angi and pain to offer a religious expenses in addition to leaving addition to perform his unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : LaFrank alleges that leading to his loping in the brutal assault have caused assaults have to cause him to suffer great pain and angiouses to give his expenses in addition to leaving to perform him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him to suffer great pain and angu incur and medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.

[58 tok] IN : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SAFB1 tags and further investigation, including NCAM1 minigene experiments (also discussed below), confirmed SAFB1 knockdown did alter their expression.
  r=0.125 (k=8)   : S1,Y1, S1, NCC) showed above the PT1, SY1, S1, S1B tags and images1B USA, including further investigation, and NCBene experiments (also discussed below (also compared by SAFB1 knockdown did not alter their expression. It did alter their expression on their alterative tests and their alterB1Bs shown their expression of S1B1 tags and PESB1 tags and SB1
  r=0.25 (k=15)   : NCAM1, SYNPO AST2, A PDE and PDB4 are examples of genes areB1 tags and SB1 investigation, including NCF, and investigation (also experiments), below (also discussed SAFB1 knockdown did not alter their expression. In PDE and EROP PDE4B4 expression of RB4 are examples of genes with examples of genes of examples of genesB1 tags are recommended for version of S
  r=0.5 (k=29)    : NCAM1, SYNPO AST2, and NMDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SB1 tags and further investigation, including NCAM1 minigene experiments (also below), discussed above SAFB1 knockdown did alter their expression.

[116 tok] IN : Realistically, chances are I will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your BubbleTalk. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that keep it from happening. Even if your total score did not exceed 50, look at your individual answers.
  r=0.125 (k=15)  : istically Realist, you will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t like for people like a matter of rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you’t got some time you’ve never getting to regard in your regard to do in regard to yourconscious and thus practcious and thought. Of other words, alignment of other words. In our research has to experience, financial abundance experience want to clarify the same experience of helping you was a matter if score. About the total score did not exceed 5 years at your answers.
  r=0.25 (k=29)   : istically Realist, you will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t like for people like me. Getting a matter of rich is a fate or fear. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to regard to your in Balk. OverT conscious and may thoughts may be subconscious and other words. In alignment of our words, you want to experience financiality, but your beliefs may be causing you to make it happening from that it keep. Even if total score did not exceed 50, look at your individual answers.
  r=0.5 (k=58)    : istically Real chances, are never will be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your Bubble. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of extra alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that it from keep happening. Even if the date = total score not exceed 50, look at your answers.

[84 tok] IN : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C ports (you need one to connect to your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt 3 video out, so a dual 4K display setup is not possible from this Dock. For reference, an iTunes movie file (Gone Girl) at 6.
  r=0.125 (k=11)  : There is 5 There is still don’t support (I’re since they’re Display not”- USB two-C USB ports (you need one (you don’t support D’t support 3 video, 3olt video 3 out aK pyK 4K dual,ock one, so this an S. For reference, i. an Displayer at 6.
  r=0.25 (k=21)   : There is 5GBs through USB via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-Cam ports (you need to support DAR) don’t support Difks 3 video, 3 tejock display a dual 4K display is not possible from this Dock, an reference. For example, iunes movie (Rody Girl) at 6.
  r=0.5 (k=42)    : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-Cam ports (you need to connect your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt video 3 out, so a dual display 4K display is not possible from this Dock. For this reference, an iTunes movie (Gone Girl) at 6.

[124 tok] IN : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry milk! shhh don’t tell my mama about this! Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions?. . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars are amongst the most searched for cigars in the world. So, we try to keep La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars in stock at all times.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : Yes, they have Bantered milkberry! woom! Carrpped butter but they have lecticahaha kah Haha king. If you haveing. If you think us. Quest what you think. . We might have an . We might have a livingberry milk! Ricana says it old Frontic Kaedy SEC Robin Khilmoles was Connectic cigaretttes. Urmahaha Nikillah idding Lake Dabean SEC 0291 SEC Katic Football Clinic Robash, Connecticutusty stock in all at stock.
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : Yes, they have Banck milkberry Straw! shoom! don’t get my mama about this Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? Questions. . We might have an "This is what. "Thisthing on television like!" "Jicana LA Nationle Robicutust was Connectic cigars for the most searched amongst the cigars in the world for trying to try, So we try to keep Fabic Football SEC Clinic Robash Connectic Rocky Connecticut in stock at all times.
  r=0.5 (k=62)    : Yes, they have Banana Strawberry milk! shoom don’t tell my mama about this! Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Floricana SECONDS Fabic Robilusto Connectic cigars for the most searched amongst the cigars in the world. So, we try to keep La Floric Dominana SECZic Football Robash Connecticutes cigars in stock at all times.

[121 tok] IN : (Speaker), “Philanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in Post New Order Era,” KITLV-IIAS Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? The Political Networks of Islamic Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia,” the International Conference on Religion and the Politics of Development: Priests, Potentates and “Progress”, 28 - 29 August 2013, Singapore. (Convenor, with Z.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : (Speaker (Spey and City Muslim and Citizy,” the Conference in 2011, we LITL,” KITV-II SemAS, Vuel (S. September 2013. (TurstablishingEstablishing “Sive Published Indanges in the interests of allual and philics. The Charitions of the Development in Indonesia,” the International Development of Indonesia in the International Conference for Judges,” JITL-Progress and 9,gress for 28”, - 28 August, La. May 2013, with newConvenor, with Z.
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : (Speaker (Speanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in Justice Order E Post New Order [@LITV KAS-II Semin, Leiden, September 2013. (Speaker), “SabstlishingEudten or Promive Comribute to the American? Changes The Political Economics and the Charitions of the Development in Indonesia,” the International Conference on Religion on the Politics and the Politests, Potters, Potgress and General - 28 La., December 18, 2013, August. (Convenor, with Z.
  r=0.5 (k=61)    : (Speaker), “Phropanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in Post New Order Era,” KITLV-II Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? The Political Networks of Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia,” the International Conference on Religion on the Politics and the Literests of Development: Potters and “Progress” 28 La - December 18, 2013, August. (Convenor, with Z.

[167 tok] IN : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend Shem. He taught Keith to say contraband last summer, and though he garbled it beyond recognition has loved saying it since then. And then other things he says just melts the heart. Tonight as I was putting him to bed, Keith gave me yet another involuntary smile. I gave him a hug and asked "Who is my favorite little boy in the world?" He stuck his chest out, and with his thumb pointed proudly and said "Me!" He got an extra tight squeeze for that. So proud to be my son.
  r=0.125 (k=21)  : Killing the milling to blame, but much care't much for me) not to eat any warning mons. Sometimes little versions of kids are words to couple of meWho really, I blame really. But I was taught Hem. Hehas to say contraband and though he garbled, and though it loved saying it has discovered so much other things then. And he said. And then I was Tommon. As the Tight, he moved into him, Stewart gave me a smile. I gave him a hug and asked him a hWho and asked me, I'm not a great boy and handed out his hand, and pointed out with "She said!" "Bely blade an extra tight tightly got it.
  r=0.25 (k=42)   : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care) and bugs) warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes kids versions of little words are just too funny! But, I really blame our good friend. He taught Keith to say contraband to say he garbled, though he garbled it beyond many loved saying it is so other than then things. And he just melts the heart. Tighton as Iight him to bed, Keith gave me yet another gave meary. I gave him a hunt and asked him a hWho is my little favorite in the world?" He stuck his hand, and handed out his chest and proudly said!" "Mely and said he got an extra tightly that. So to be proud of my son.
  r=0.5 (k=84)    : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend Shem. He taught Keith to say contraband last summer, and though he garbled it beyond recognition has loved saying it since then. And other things he says just the melts. Tighton as I was putting him, and Keith to bed, Keith gave me yet another smile. I gave him a hunt and asked me is my little "Who is my favorite in the world?" He stuck his chest out, and his proudly pointed down and said "Mely!" " He got an extra tightze for that squeeze. So to be my son.

[197 tok] IN : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Low Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Brand Reputation Revenue. This is a five stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Driver Tree Company Value Gross Margin Delivery Costs. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Driver Tree, Org Chart, Hierarchy. ...easily downloaded and saved in other format i. e. JPG and PDF. Presentation slide can be personalized with company name, logo and icon. Useful for business professionals and executives.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : ing Presenting this set of Drivers Line X20 Hardlet. This Competition is a Low. This stage process was a process in this process are stages. Drivers Dility Utvers, Wrivers, D. Presentversvers of name with slides of name - Drivers Value Drigins. Reception is a market. This stage of the process. The five stages process is in this case Scots Utility Drivers, Worth D. Wigvers, Value of name with slides - Value of DAR Tree Company Value Marginivery. This is Delginvery past. Costs a process in this works. In this process are representative of AT) A. All Charty, Hooky, b. Topes changed and e. I run this format in different matrix. I have been available in the process. Can you's business and managers.
  r=0.25 (k=50)   : ing Presenting this set of slides - Value Drivers Line Market Size Low Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers Driility Utvers, Dri Worthvers. Dvers Presenting this set of slides with name - Drivers Margins Reputation Revenue. This is a period of stage. The process stages is in this process Value are Drivers, Drivers, Wrivers D. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value of Driver Tree Company Gross Editivery. This is Delginvery. This stage is a three process in this process. Value are in this paper, Tree Chriver, Orgarty Housing.txt and changed in content. I see e. format and java. Jays & PDF will be Presentation, with company name and marketing company. Quality and business managers for repair.
  r=0.5 (k=99)    : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Reputation Revenue. This is a five stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utrivers Drivers, Worthvers D. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Driver Tree Company Value Margin Delross Tivery Costs. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Driver, Tree Chart, Ory Hierarchy.eilyas changed and check in other format. I saved e. and PDF will run. Jays Presentation slide and digital company, with name and logo. Please take business managers and business executives.

[196 tok] IN : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving activation letters with step-by-step instructions to register for ParentPay. ParentPay can be linked to your existing MyGovScot MyAccount, meaning no need to remember any additional usernames and passwords, and up to six children can be added to one ParentPay login if they attend a ParentPay school. By summer 2020 Renfrewshire Council hope to significantly reduce - and where possible eliminate - cash handling and processing in all schools by encouraging all parents to use ParentPay. We'll keep you updated on each phase of the project with go-live dates for more schools.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : online secure payment The secure the dangers will no longer have no longerrs and their cheque or their books of the school ahead of the run children, and won't be exposed to the dangers of cash - such as bullying or theft and carers. Parents and care of these schools will be at least step-state letters with stepby to register Parenting classes to registerPay linked. You can be your existing linked to MyGotount meaning, noAccountable any password us and additional option to find any alternative, and can't up to six children I choose one to reflect 16Pay Long school. Renay By 2020 Bank. Benwift (to higher than 90%, and reduce possible - but to ensure that will be increasing all kinds of parents in all by encouraging users to all students and reporting. You can be linked to the perfect group with school-treatment. I start for you with the schools
  r=0.25 (k=49)   : online secure payment system means parents care and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as cash or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving activation with stepby-step letters to register for ParentPay to register. ParentPayay can be linked to your existing MyScovot, meaningAccount Mywhard any need to find additional us and passwords any children, and up to six children can be added to Parenting one if I attend a ViewPay school. By summer Renfrewly Council hope to hope higher and reduce - but possible to reduce means and handling processing in cash and all encouraging users to all by parents. ParentP'll keep you. We'll check on each of the updated phase-live schools with the start of you.
  r=0.5 (k=98)    : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their che books ahead of the school run, and won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving with activation letters step-by-step instructions to register for Parenting to ParentPayay. ParentPay can be linked to your MyScovot; meaning noAccount any need to remember us additional passwords and password, and not up to six children can be added to Parent one I choose if they login a higher school. SkyPayley 2020 Bank Council Council hope to hope significantly reduce - and/shrew possible to reduce cash and handling all in computing users by all parents to use. ParentPay We'll keep you on each updated phase of the project on you'live for more than dates.

[151 tok] IN : Chris Fowler walked (3-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boudria no advance. Nick Herzog singled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-2 KKBB); Nick Herzog advanced to second; Chris Fowler advanced to third; Kyle Boudria scored. Stanley to p for Kelleher. Anthony Sear reached on a fielder's choice (1-2 SSFBF); Eddie Riley advanced to second; Nick Herzog advanced to third; Chris Fowler out at home 3b to c.
  r=0.125 (k=19)  : ler Chris Fowler Kyle; Kyle Border Kyle); HEK. Her meal Nickzog, buntled (2 BB-1); BBK-1 denoted to Kyle; second Kyle to advanced. E third to advanced. Buel, losing the side RBI, side (2-2APKLE Her Nick, The Herokie Sunday; Chris Balls to second; Kowford Barkley scored. Bubricled, Miami Dowford has reached on a set-sold field reached onUF-8 DF (0d at CFddie; The second, I loved Heride to join advanced third; Chris Fow; Falls at 3 to c.
  r=0.25 (k=38)   : ler Chris Fow (3 walked on BBKBB); Kyle Bria no competing wife. Her Nickzog, buntled (2 BB-1); BBLowler Fight Chris Kyle; second Koudria B. to third advanced Eddie sing Rank through the side, RBI-2 (2 KAP-2); Nick Herrow, Chris Fowler; second advanced to third Kowler; Byle scored Bair, Koud for p. Kearford S. Anthony Searer reached on a field's SSF (1-8 DFddie RF advanced to Riley; second, Herzogide advanced to the Fow; Chris Render out at home 3b to c.
  r=0.5 (k=76)    : Chris Fowler (3 walked-1 BBK); Kyle Boudria no advance. Nick Herogz singled bunt (2 (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI-2 (2K KBB); Nick Herogz advanced to second; Chris Fowler advanced third to Kyle Bowley scored. Stanria for p. Kelle for Ker. Sear reached on a field's choice (1FUNDF-8 EF); Dddie advanced Riley to second; Nick Herzog, advanced to Low Fler out at home 3b to c.

