--- step 2000 ---
IN : ads to clean up after covert operations, and, as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terror Warriors, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thousands have been killed in the fighting. Hundreds of thousands have been driven from their homes, many fleeing to northern Kenya, where more than 215,000 people are languishing in a single refugee
k=8  : Ethality" "Aopi Ethi of Ethiopals, the instition of the "rendum" therendition, including American citizens, including American citizens of Ethiop Ethals of his tortainssorious torture. [See note [See the Ethiopia, the authorities (see the lorsi, the Ethiopors, the Ethione, the lors of the Ethi, the subrendumalition of earth earth. Thift have been infected from the dous force on the protesters have been metish in many American rights, including the Ethiopia's torture is not been avoided for [See note [See [See note below. [See [See [See the generalization of the Ethiopors, the Ethi, the lone of the Ethi, the Ethious have been the effects of earth earth earth earth. Thous have been shown to have been a few cases of earth-Hemia have been been
k=64 : up to clean up co-ne operations, and we reported as we reported here, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terrorri Warriors, the Ethiians and the warlords (and nothing of them in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian human earth. Th earth might have been introduced in the fighting. Hundreds are heard of thousands of immigrants have been driven from their homes, including many to northern Kenya, where 215 people are 2,000 people in a single refugee
k=256: ads to clean up after covert operations, and as we reported here, long ago assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terrorriors War, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thousands have been killed in the fighting. Hundreds of thousands of been driven from their homes, including many flee to northern Kenya, where more than 215 people are languishing in a single refugee

