--- step 2000 ---
IN : ads to clean up after covert operations, and, as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terror Warriors, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thousands have been killed in the fighting. Hundreds of thousands have been driven from their homes, many fleeing to northern Kenya, where more than 215,000 people are languishing in a single refugee
k=8  : of the Ethiia hands. [althriism, the Ethiish" the protition in "rendumition", including refugees of American, including the Ethiopia of hands, committed. [SeeItemssorious anticipated). [iriors of the Ethi Airport, the Waropriors, Ethi the Warglift, the protonents of the "itioned" on the detention in the case. Thish earth have been killed. Thearing on earth might have been killed in the world. Thiaiemia have been killed on the hands of Ethiia. They never beakening a substantial writes from South
k=64 : ads to clean up after covert operations, as we reported here, long ago assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, including the hands of Ethiia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terror Warriors, the Ethiopians and warlords (some of them directly in the paylords of the CIA) have created the worst human disaster on earth. Thous force killed in the world. Hundreds have been fighting of thousands of their owns. A more immigrants have driven to northern Bare, Kenya, where more than 215,000 people are languish in a singlee
k=256: ads to clean up after covert operations, and as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "ition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terrorriors War, the Ethiopians and warlords (some them directly of the pay in the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster. Thous earth on earth. Thands have been killed in the fighting Hundreds of thousands. Hundreds have been driven from their homes, flee to northern Kenya, where more than 215 people are languishing in a single refugee

