[6 tok] IN : keep me going.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : keep me keep keep me. That is going to keep me keep me keep me keep keep keep me keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep me keep keep keep
  r=0.25 (k=2)    : keep me keep keep me. That is going to keep me keep me keep me keep keep keep me keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep me keep keep keep
  r=0.5 (k=3)     : keep me keep keep me keep me. "So keep me keep me keep keep me keep keep keep keep keep me keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep me keep keep

[11 tok] IN : mid-70s to 80s?).
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : mid mid mid-year-to- we're added to the mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : mid mid mid-year-to- we're added to the mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : mid-70s to 80s).?).

[12 tok] IN : itance, and extensive automatic coercions.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : ititance, and it was added to be anititititititititititititititititititititititit
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : ititance, and it was added to be anititititititititititititititititititititititit
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : itance, and extensive automatic extensive coions.

[18 tok] IN : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual Machine (JVM), Java platform
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : The JO (DAN), and a new platform JavaScript
  r=0.25 (k=5)    : The JO consists of the Java Virtual (J Machine Machine Network), Java platform
  r=0.5 (k=9)     : The JO consists of the Java Virtual (J Machine Machine), Java platformM

[23 tok] IN : UPG files are used by several different software programs and hardware devices that determine how to use the files.
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : UPGS.com/tests.com/d.com/d.
  r=0.25 (k=6)    : UPGS are used by different software programs and different software devices. In the files and use files.
  r=0.5 (k=12)    : UPG files are used by different software programs and hardware devices that determine how to use the files.

[45 tok] IN : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Ching encouraged employees to study an internal web page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.125 (k=6)   : for the Legal Director’s Legal Doning Chambering to make an official Director of the company’s Office is going to set up for the case before responding questions to questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.25 (k=12)   : Shell’s Legal Director of Doning Chamber to employees encouraged an internal web page that the Aneid companyDutch company set up for the caseing questions to responding from relatives and friends.
  r=0.5 (k=23)    : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Ching to encouraged employees to study an internal web page that the AngloDutch company set up for the case responding questions to questions from relatives and friends.

[30 tok] IN : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative fuels industry, in particular in the e-mobility and natural gas sectors.
  r=0.125 (k=4)   : Since he has been working in the working-frimered in the case, he has been working with the gas sectors.
  r=0.25 (k=8)    : Since 2012, he has been working in the fu alternative fighter and the new superfatility and natural naturalility and gas sectors.
  r=0.5 (k=15)    : Since he has been working in the alternative fuels industry, in particular in the e-mobility and natural gas sectors.

[34 tok] IN : He was in a nursing home the last 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) and could
  r=0.125 (k=5)   : a nursing home in a nursing year of his 6 weeks last 6 weeks of the last year, and the children had a family or children (no family) could
  r=0.25 (k=9)    : to care in a nursing home of the last 6 weeks of his life he wanted to be home and I was not (no alone or children family) could
  r=0.5 (k=17)    : He was in a nursing home last 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) and could

[50 tok] IN : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and stay optimistic. The opportunity to connect with her could be across the corner. Be conscious of the truth that girls view males as predators by default,” Joanna says.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : t be upset, and I’t be a new person? I’t be a good, and the other of the conscious. Be the conscious of the mom view males as discrimined predators as he says Joanna says.
  r=0.25 (k=13)   : don’t have upset be, go away and peace in peace and optimistic opportunity to connect with the door. After the across could be corner of the conscious. Bein males view as predators as far,” says Joanna says.
  r=0.5 (k=25)    : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and stay optimistic opportunity to connect with her connect with the other could be across the conscious. Be the truth that males view as predators by default,” Jo says.

[54 tok] IN : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's men's soccer program for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad after previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : Year Men's Menuels in the first-based College. Men's Lels, and the last year's his fourth season for his program in his coach as an assistant and his third in his squad after the fall with previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : Michaels College Men’s Vari Team Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint's soccer men's soccer program for his fourth season in his coach and issued his third and his win in the squad after previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's soccer men's basketball for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad previously coaching in 2011.

[53 tok] IN : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him to suffer great pain and anguish and incur medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : Qr alleges that the Cank alleges to the other hand. The pank alleges and the gestures to have been better and pain angi and medical incur expenses in addition to expenses in addition to his unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : LaFrank alleges that the police contended in the sustained brutal assault have caused and assault to cause him to suffer great pain and angi and severe incompur expenses in addition to him to perform unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him to suffer pain and great anguish and incurred in addition to leaving him to unable to perform his daily duties.

[58 tok] IN : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SAFB1 tags and further investigation, including NCAM1 minigene experiments (also discussed below), confirmed SAFB1 knockdown did alter their expression.
  r=0.125 (k=8)   : (YN1, SYNYNESY1, SYNYNYB1B1B1 tags and SBAF, including NCAMS extraction (ashed experiments (also discussed below SAFBAFCOPs knockdown did not expression.
  r=0.25 (k=15)   : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4 are examples of genes with different types of SB1 tags and further investigation, including NC1 (asigene experiments (also discussed below SAFBAFC did knockdown did
  r=0.5 (k=29)    : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SAF1 tags and SB, including NCAM1 mineneigene experiments (also discussed below), SAFB1 knockdown did alter their expression.

[116 tok] IN : Realistically, chances are I will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your BubbleTalk. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that keep it from happening. Even if your total score did not exceed 50, look at your individual answers.
  r=0.125 (k=15)  : istically Realistically, I will never be rich. Getting rich rich for people like me for people like a matter of luck is a matter of fate or fear. If you’d been some about 50, you want to do in regard to your BubbleTubble is the idea of these problems. In other words, alignment of other words. In this paper, you want to experience financial attention to interpret our experience, if we did not want to think the total score if not the total score at 50, not look at your individual answers.
  r=0.25 (k=29)   : istically Realistically, I will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t like for people like me. Getting a matter of luck is fate or fear. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to regard in do to the Balkble. Your conscious and persistent sounds may be handcious. In other words, alignment of our experience has to achieve financial experience, but your beliefs may be causing you to causing it that keep decisions from it. Even if the total score did not follow at 50, look at your individual answers.
  r=0.5 (k=58)    : istically Realisties are chances I will never be rich. Getting isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do regard to your BubbleTalk. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that it keep from happening. Even if the total score did not exceed 50, look at your individual answers.

[84 tok] IN : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C ports (you need one to connect to your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt 3 video out, so a dual 4K display setup is not possible from this Dock. For reference, an iTunes movie file (Gone Girl) at 6.
  r=0.125 (k=11)  : There is 5GBs through 5GBs a “If you’re not since they Display Displayer- USB two-Cam ports (you need one to support your Mac) don’t support your video 3bolt video out a dual 4DEB display 4KKs. I have a different example, i. an SITT, i will not require Displayer-A, the user. Also, as a few-time USB-C-C-C-C-C-C-Cam (you need to make one or the end-bolt, and the EQs is a different display from the last 5 pew, and the
  r=0.25 (k=21)   : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-Cam ports (you need one) Mac don’t support your Mac) don’t video 3red, a dual 4 so a 4K display setup is not possible from this Docker, i an example, it will (Gan Girl) at 6.
  r=0.5 (k=42)    : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C ports (you need one to connect to your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt video, so out a dual 4K display setup is not possible from this Dock. For reference, an iTunes (Gone Girl file) at 6.

[124 tok] IN : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry milk! shhh don’t tell my mama about this! Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions?. . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars are amongst the most searched for cigars in the world. So, we try to keep La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars in stock at all times.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : , they have Yes, and Strawberry milk! shhh! Would I don’t tell my mamaahaha Hidding? If you have a. If you tell what you think us. . We will not . . .? We answer is an "This answer. "Hooks my Lugeo Granapolis SEC Fabian Ironophagic Connectic cigaret cigaretttes. "Mouro, Carl Gaho said Nahu Raic Dominic Service 26, 2014 Frosenic Robusto Connectic cigusty in stock cigarette and cigrawed in Straws and
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : , Yes they have, you canmorawberry milk! shhh don’t tell my mama about this mahaha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? . We will . .. This answer is "This I look what I look like on television!" La Blierville Robicroy County SUCLE Yicutic cigars were searched for the most cigars in the cigars, So we try to keep. La Crupton SEC ClinicONDS Robicutustes in cigic stocky.
  r=0.5 (k=62)    : , Yes they have Banana and Strawberry milk! shhh don’t tell my mama about this! Hah kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like television on!" La Floric Dominana SECZic Football FOR Katilutic cigars Connectic scand are searched amongst the cigars for the world. So, we try to keep La Floric Dominier SECDSON Fabic Robusto Connectic cigars in stock at all times.

[121 tok] IN : (Speaker), “Philanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in Post New Order Era,” KITLV-IIAS Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? The Political Networks of Islamic Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia,” the International Conference on Religion and the Politics of Development: Priests, Potentates and “Progress”, 28 - 29 August 2013, Singapore. (Convenor, with Z.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : (Speaker (TilPhropy and Citiz Muslim Citizens in New Posthip in WITL,” VITII Seminar-ASII, 2013. 18 September, 2013. (Tenstuel), April 1, NewSaconsage Plron or in the University of Succentities and the Politics of Charformation and the Politics in Indonesia,” Development Development of the International Conference in the University of the International NITLITL, and “citing”, 28 9, 2019. La. August 18, 2013, Singapore, “Convenor with Z. (Convenor
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : (Speaker (Philropanthy and Citizens Citizhip in New Post Order EraLIT,” KV-II Seminar, Leiden, September 2013. (Speaker), “SstabeyEstron or Patronage Collective Promological? The Networks are the Politics and Charities of the Development in Indonesia,” Development in the International Religion on the Politics and the Politests: Development Potters and Regressates,” 28 La - December 13, 2017, Zven. Singapore (Convenor, with Z.Convenor
  r=0.5 (k=61)    : (Speaker), “Philropanthy and Muslim Citizenship in Post New Order Era,” KITLVII-AS Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Estab Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? The Political Networks of Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia,” the Development of International Religion on the Politics and the Development of Priests: Potent and “Progress” - 28 August 26, La. Singapore (Convenor, with Z.

[167 tok] IN : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend Shem. He taught Keith to say contraband last summer, and though he garbled it beyond recognition has loved saying it since then. And then other things he says just melts the heart. Tonight as I was putting him to bed, Keith gave me yet another involuntary smile. I gave him a hug and asked "Who is my favorite little boy in the world?" He stuck his chest out, and with his thumb pointed proudly and said "Me!" He got an extra tight squeeze for that. So proud to be my son.
  r=0.125 (k=21)  : Killing the milling thing. But I really care much for care bugs. It't not to eat any mons. Sometimes little words of kids are parts of words! But really, I really love! But I was his Heavy. He Keith to say contra last summer, though he garbled and though he loved it saying so many people has then other things. And then he is putting her. Tubonts. Tight was putting him to bed, he was yet another involuntary me gave him a I gave him. I was hebunt and his chest?" “I really, and his hand in his teeth?" He was stuck out loud and said proudly pointed out and "I really proudly that for squeeze. So that for this roze. He is the time as it was getting out to him. Tubon, and I was putting him to him to a
  r=0.25 (k=42)   : Killing the mormons (he doesn't care much for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes kids of little versions). But just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend. He was Keith to say Abraband last summer, though he garbled and though he discovered beyond recognition has loved it saying so other then things. And then he just melts the heart. Tighton was putting him to bed, he gave me yet Keith yet another gave me a gestary. I gave him a hunt and my "Who is my little boy in my little stomach?" He turned out his chest and stuck down, "Mely proud and said "I got an extra He got tight for that squeeze. So to be my son.
  r=0.5 (k=84)    : Killing the mormons (he doesn't care much for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend She was. He taught Keith to say contraband last summer, and though he garbled beyond it has loved saying that since then. And then other things he says just melts the heart. Tonight as I was putting him to bed, Keith gave me yet another involuntary smile. I gave him a hunt and asked "Who is my little favorite boy in the world?" He stuck his chest out, and his thumb with his proudly said and "Mely!" "I got an extra tight squeeze for that. So to be my son.

[197 tok] IN : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Low Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Brand Reputation Revenue. This is a five stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Driver Tree Company Value Gross Margin Delivery Costs. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Driver Tree, Org Chart, Hierarchy. ...easily downloaded and saved in other format i. e. JPG and PDF. Presentation slide can be personalized with company name, logo and icon. Useful for business professionals and executives.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : ing this set of the Drivers, Dri Market Remote Line. This is Competition. This stage period process was a stage. All this process are in Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worthvers. Drivers set of this slides with name - Value Dut Marvel ReDonald Reputation. This is a period. Reception process stage five stages in this process are in the Drivers, Drivers, Worth Drivers, Wing this set of slides. Note: Value - Driver Value - June Margin Delry Marctor Gross's process. This stage is a process. This stage three stages, Chriver Tree Tree, Driver, Chiteton, it would be used in the top pages. I have changed in java. I e.com/Grid. Network and I have been updated by the logo and business managers.
  r=0.25 (k=50)   : ing this set of slides with name - Value - Drivers Market Size Low Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are in the Drivers, Utility Drivers, Wrivers. Dlement Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drien Marvel Reputation Revenue. This is a period process stage. The five stages process in this process are Drivers, Drivers, Wrivers D. Presenting of this set slidesing of this name - Value Driver Company Margin Delross Margin Grosss Costvery. Costs is a process stage. This process is representative in this case, Tree Scriver, Charty, Hierarchy.eily downloaded andas changed. I do joud. I run on java. Presentation and slide can be creative with company, software manager and business managers. Useful and business executives.
  r=0.5 (k=99)    : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Reputation Revenue Revenue. This is a five stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utrivers Drivers Worth D. Presenting of this slides with name - Value Driver Company Tree Value Company Gross Margin Delivery Costs. This is a three process stage. The stages in this process are Value Driver, Tree Chart, Orgierarchy. Hierarchyeily downloaded and jas changed in other settings. I JPG and JPG. Presentation slide can be creative with company, and icon. Quality and business managers include staffful.

[196 tok] IN : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving activation letters with step-by-step instructions to register for ParentPay. ParentPay can be linked to your existing MyGovScot MyAccount, meaning no need to remember any additional usernames and passwords, and up to six children can be added to one ParentPay login if they attend a ParentPay school. By summer 2020 Renfrewshire Council hope to significantly reduce - and where possible eliminate - cash handling and processing in all schools by encouraging all parents to use ParentPay. We'll keep you updated on each phase of the project with go-live dates for more schools.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : online secure payment. The new project will be no longer to have no longer will take their cheque or their books of the school ahead run, and won't exposed to be the dangers of carrying cash - such as bully or theft and stender. Parents and pupils of puprokes will be receiving these schools-coding step with March to register Parenting register for ParentPay. Parenting to your existing be linked to your My My My My Myoto Mywhot any time to remember any additional passwords and passwords, and stans can be added to six children. 2. Begin a View if you attend a Parenting Payshire to hope that Council Council will ever read higher than Santa Monce (Pearly, and all other people to keep all by encouraging all users in all schools and other people with the right-time and expand the company.
  r=0.25 (k=49)   : online secure payment system means parents care and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and won children't be exposed to the dangers of carrying - such cash or bullying. Parenting and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving three types with step-by-step relationship to register for Parenting registerPay. ParentPay to be linked to your existing MyGotScov MyAccount, no need any remember any additional usernames and passwords, and passwords can be added to six children one ParentPay to a View if they attend a ParentPay Abfra Up Clinton Council hope to participate underno and reduce possible - where bulk and handling cash - and encouraging all kinds in all by all schools to improve. ParentPay'll use on each other phase you will check up with the dates of more.live-live and
  r=0.5 (k=98)    : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving knowledge with stepby-step instructions to register for ParentP to register Parenting. IayPay linked to your existing MyGotScov MyAccount meaning, no need any remember us any additional passwordernames and passwords up to six children can be added to one ParentPay if they login attend a ParentPay school. By summer 2020 Renshire Council hope to significantly hope to reduce - where possible and eliminate cash and handling - in processing and all schools by encouraging all parents to use ParentPay. We'll keep you on each phase of the project with go-live for more dates.

[151 tok] IN : Chris Fowler walked (3-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boudria no advance. Nick Herzog singled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-2 KKBB); Nick Herzog advanced to second; Chris Fowler advanced to third; Kyle Boudria scored. Stanley to p for Kelleher. Anthony Sear reached on a fielder's choice (1-2 SSFBF); Eddie Riley advanced to second; Nick Herzog advanced to third; Chris Fowler out at home 3b to c.
  r=0.125 (k=19)  : ler Chris Fowler, Kyle Byle Kyle Kyle, and Winter Alz. Her singer, buntled (21, BB); EK-1); Kyle second to Kebide; The third advanced to E., Bighterie Rails singer Riley, RBI (2-2). Rankn, Nick Heroes ECH, second; Chris Falls to second; Kyle Barkley Kyle, B., last year, he smudled in a pair. Sear reached on Chern's choice (1-29.0) Dogz Bogzie to second; advanced to join Herzogz, The second of Balls out at home to 3b c.
  r=0.25 (k=38)   : ler Chris Fow (3-1 walked BBKBB); Kyle Bria no advanceria. Herzog, buntled, BB-1); BBK (2); Chris Fowler to second; Kyle Boudria. to third advanced Rileyddie Rails walked through the left side, RBI (2-2); KK Her Nick Herok, when second; Chris Fowler to advanced third; Kyle B., Kyle for Stanley to p. Kelleher Anthony. Sear reached on a minimum choice's (1F-29. DFUBL); EFUN to advanced Rileyzogz; The second to join advanced out at 3Dowler to homeb. 3 c
  r=0.5 (k=76)    : Chris Fowler (3 walked-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boud noria advance. Nick Herog singzled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-2 KK); Her beloved Nickzog advanced to second; Chris Fowler advanced to third; Kyle B., scored Stanley. Kelle for Kher to p. Anthony Sear reached on a field's choice (1F-2 SSFB); Eddie (Filey advanced to second; Nickzogz; Chris Bow next to at home 3bler to c.

