--- step 2000 ---
IN : ads to clean up after covert operations, and, as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terror Warriors, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thousands have been killed in the fighting. Hundreds of thousands have been driven from their homes, many fleeing to northern Kenya, where more than 215,000 people are languishing in a single refugee
k=8  : of the United States. They's not been shown in the context of the Ethiperes, and the other refugees of national, including American citizens, including American attacks of the Tiopia's hands. [See torture omitted). Like more links from the world. Together, the U.S. They have the warnings and the Ethiperal the war and the the the the war of the the the "Fulling in the the Haban. The last year in the Halfi. I have been killed in the fighting in the following. The most of the past. H.S. I have been seen in the following one of the H.S.... [Table 2](#fig:11] The most important questions of the the the
k=64 : up clean toads after covert operations, and as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia'sorious noturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terrorriors War, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thands have been killed in the Hundreds. The fighting of more immigrants have been driven from their homes, many fleeing to northern Kenya, where more than 215 people are languishing in a single refugee
k=256: ads to clean up after covert operations, and as we reported here long ago, assisting in the "rendition" of refugees, including American citizens, into the hands of Ethiopia's notorious torturers. [See note below for more links.] Together, the American Terrorriors War, the Ethiopians and the warlords (some of them directly in the pay of the CIA) have created the worst humanitarian disaster on earth. Thands have been killed in the fighting Hundreds. Hundreds of thousands have been driven from their homes, fleeing to northern Kenya, where more than 215,000 people are languishing in a single refugee

