[6 tok] IN : keep me going.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : keep me going to keep me keep me keep me keep me going on me keep me keep me keep keep me keep keep going to keep keep me keep keep me going.
  r=0.25 (k=2)    : keep me going to keep me keep me keep me keep me going on me keep me keep me keep keep me keep keep going to keep keep me keep keep me going.
  r=0.5 (k=3)     : keep me going to keep me keep me keep me keep me keep me keep me keep keep me keep keep me keep keep going to keep keep keep me keep going. keep

[11 tok] IN : mid-70s to 80s?).
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : mid-year- we' mid-to- mid- mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid-70 to mid mid-S mid mid-70 to
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : mid-year- we've mid-line mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid-70 to mid mid-S mid mid-70
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : mid-70s to 80s.).

[12 tok] IN : itance, and extensive automatic coercions.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : itance, andititititititititititititititititititititititititititance,itit
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : itance, andititititititititititititititititititititititititititititance,
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : itance, and extensive automatic coherence.

[18 tok] IN : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual Machine (JVM), Java platform
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : The Joint The Jins is a new Java platform
  r=0.25 (k=5)    : The JRE of Java Virtual the Machine (JV), Java platform
  r=0.5 (k=9)     : The JRE of the Java Virtual (JV Machine), Java platformM

[23 tok] IN : UPG files are used by several different software programs and hardware devices that determine how to use the files.
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : UPGS I will try to use a UPG files.com/reg files.
  r=0.25 (k=6)    : UPG files are used by several different software programs and hardware devices that are different to use the files.
  r=0.5 (k=12)    : UPG files are used by several different software programs and devices that determine how to use the files.

[45 tok] IN : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Ching encouraged employees to study an internal web page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.125 (k=6)   : Director’s Legal Revolution Director I’ll be a special Director of the country, and the case for the case for the case up to responding questions before the case to questions about responding and relatives.
  r=0.25 (k=12)   : Shell’s Legal Director Don’ll refer to an study employees to an web page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.5 (k=23)    : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Choulding encouraged to study an internal web page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.

[30 tok] IN : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative fuels industry, in particular in the e-mobility and natural gas sectors.
  r=0.125 (k=4)   : Since he has been working in the working party, he has been working in the case.
  r=0.25 (k=8)    : Since 2012, he has been working in the fu alternative industry, it's a local gas and manufacturing industry and natural gas sectors.
  r=0.5 (k=15)    : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative fuels industry, in the particular e-mobility and natural gas sectors.

[34 tok] IN : He was in a nursing home the last 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) and could
  r=0.125 (k=5)   : home in a nursing home was the last 6 weeks of his life and the last time of his life and the family or children (no family) or could
  r=0.25 (k=9)    : home in a nursing home was the last 6 weeks of his life and he was going to be home, but I did (no children or family) could
  r=0.5 (k=17)    : He was in a nursing home last the 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) could

[50 tok] IN : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and stay optimistic. The opportunity to connect with her could be across the corner. Be conscious of the truth that girls view males as predators by default,” Joanna says.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : t be upset, don’t say to be a person. Of the other. Behavior. Of the time of the conscious of the conscious. Behaves that males view as predators by default,” Joanna says.
  r=0.25 (k=13)   : However don’t be upset, go away and stay in optimistic and stay. The opportunity to connect with her to the corner. Be the conscious of eating. And the sumes view males as pred by default,” Joanna says.
  r=0.5 (k=25)    : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and stay optimistic opportunity. The opportunity to connect with her could be the corner. Be conscious of the girls truth that view males as predators by default,” Joanna says.

[54 tok] IN : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's men's soccer program for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad after previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : Menels's Lels Mena College in the last year. The first case was in his first for his fourth season's his fourth season for his fourth coach in 2018, and his third straight and his fall with the squad after previously previously experienced in 2011.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : Michaels College Men’s Varston. Team Tamristo returned to the Saint Michael's soccer program men's soccer season for his fourth season and wants in 2018, his third and straight in his fall with the squad previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's soccer program men's fourth for his season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third fall with the squad after previously coaching in 2011.

[53 tok] IN : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him to suffer great pain and anguish and incur medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : Qrank alleges that the carbank to the contract. The Saver and the future to make the stut and pain and angi and to better medical incurred in addition to leaving him to unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries in the brutal assault have caused and will have suffering to gain him to suffer great pain and anguish medical and incurred in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him great pain and anguish and incompur medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.

[58 tok] IN : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SAFB1 tags and further investigation, including NCAM1 minigene experiments (also discussed below), confirmed SAFB1 knockdown did alter their expression.
  r=0.125 (k=8)   : SY1, NCNECT, but the same time. In this case and it was shown to use the IDB1 and FML, including NCFR, and MAC mice (see above known below), SAFBES did knockdown on the expression.
  r=0.25 (k=15)   : NCAM1, SYNPO2, AST and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SAFB1 tags and further investigation, including NCAMS (trigene experiments), discussed below few SAFC showed the knockdown did alter expression.
  r=0.5 (k=29)    : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SAFB1 tags and further, including NCAM1 minigene experiments (also discussed below), SAFB confirmed knockdown did alter their expression.

[116 tok] IN : Realistically, chances are I will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your BubbleTalk. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that keep it from happening. Even if your total score did not exceed 50, look at your individual answers.
  r=0.125 (k=15)  : istically Realways, are never rich. I really be rich. Getting isn’t rich, your beliefs of a matter is luck or fate. If you could kind of every: You’ve got you0, to share in regard to your BubalkbleTub. Your conscious and conscious of your weapons. For example, you might have other words, you might want to control your phenomenon, but your financial attention to interpret the outcome of a good time, but if you did not exceed the total time at 50, look at your 50, look at
  r=0.25 (k=29)   : istically Real, this chances are never rich. Would be rich. Getting isn’t for rich me. Getting like a matter of luck is. If fate or you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to regard in your BubbleTalk. His conscious and your subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to encounter your phenomenon, but your financial behavior may be causing you to make decisions that it needed. Even if happening. About the score did not exceed at three individual answers.
  r=0.5 (k=58)    : istically Real, chances are never be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your BubbleTalk. His conscious and your subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that it keep from happening. Even if the score total did not exceed at her time.

[84 tok] IN : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C ports (you need one to connect to your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt 3 video out, so a dual 4K display setup is not possible from this Dock. For reference, an iTunes movie file (Gone Girl) at 6.
  r=0.125 (k=11)  : There is 5GBs through 5GBs is not a complete context but they’re not DisplayPort, two ports-C USB need to one (you don’t support your Mac) don’t just video 3bn; the back 4B a dual display so possible is not setup from the Sunchman movie i know it, an FixToken movie (Porter, the U-Server) "Please, the right-time ports (Camo-CVC) "Fank the one need to try to help you don’t need to support the DACF video, 3rd video video, which is possible for a 4px EB
  r=0.25 (k=21)   : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two-C USB ports (you need one to support you don’t) Mac your don’t video 3 members, jj56 a dual 4 display is not possible from this Dock. For reference, iToken movie (Gone Girl) file (G
  r=0.5 (k=42)    : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C ports (you need one to connect your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt video 3 out, so a dual 4B display is not possible setup from this Dock. For reference, iTunes movie (Gone file Girl) at 6.

[124 tok] IN : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry milk! shhh don’t tell my mama about this! Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions?. . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars are amongst the most searched for cigars in the world. So, we try to keep La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars in stock at all times.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : Yes, they have Banh! If you don't shhh! Don't get the village amongst Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain. If you think us what you think. . We might have an .. "This is answer what I look like on what I look like. "Match Dead Renophow Robin Institute for Rogers are searched amongst the most frequently are searched for the splitting boy of the Islamic Buller Piddic Carana Company and Ironizic Fox Kennedy Post Clinic Connecticusto in all times at stock.
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : Yes, they have Banford! Mrawberry and shhh! Don't shorn about this mama! I know Giddahally. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Floric Dominian Nation FOR Katilke Robutic Fox Consars for the most searched are amongst the cigars in cigars. So, the way to keep Floric La Carana Staff Institute Robic Busto Connecticustling in stock at all times.
  r=0.5 (k=62)    : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry! shhh don’t tell my mama about this! Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Floric Dominana SECDSON Robic Connecticustut cigarsic cigo are amongst the most searched for cigars in the world. So, we try to keep La Floric Football SEC Granana Robicusto Connecticutust in stocky at all times.

[121 tok] IN : (Speaker), “Philanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in Post New Order Era,” KITLV-IIAS Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? The Political Networks of Islamic Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia,” the International Conference on Religion and the Politics of Development: Priests, Potentates and “Progress”, 28 - 29 August 2013, Singapore. (Convenor, with Z.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : (Speaker, 1999, an unstrict and Muslimizenship and Citizy on the NCITLV-AS,” Seminar VII, September 2013. (Tpe 18 September, 2013. (SabsteyE Publishing or Promiseage in the Changes? Collective Changes in the Development of Politics and the Politics in Singapore of the Relator Conference on the International Conference Relants on the International Conference, and the International Plan for Nov. 26, 25 December 9, 2013, and CProven. Singapore (Conor with Z.
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : (Speaker, (Speyanthropil and Muslim Citizenship in E Order: New ELITV-ASII Seminar, Leiden, September 2013. (Speaker), “SstablishingEudine Contonents or Collective Changes? The Political Political Networks of Charities and the Development of Politics in the Conference on Religion International Conference on the Politics and the Politics of: Development Priests, and “Progress” - 29 August 26, 2013, Singapore. (Convenor, with Z.
  r=0.5 (k=61)    : (Speaker), “Philanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in New Post Order Era,” KITLV-IIAS Seminar, Leiden, September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? The Political Networks of Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia,” the International Conference on Religion and the Politics of the Development: Priests, Potates and “Progress” 28 August 26, 29 La. Singapore (Convenor, with Z.

[167 tok] IN : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend Shem. He taught Keith to say contraband last summer, and though he garbled it beyond recognition has loved saying it since then. And then other things he says just melts the heart. Tonight as I was putting him to bed, Keith gave me yet another involuntary smile. I gave him a hug and asked "Who is my favorite little boy in the world?" He stuck his chest out, and with his thumb pointed proudly and said "Me!" He got an extra tight squeeze for that. So proud to be my son.
  r=0.125 (k=21)  : Killing the milling to the premons't care bugs for much) and do not eat any to mutter. Sometimes little sort of kids are words versions of little really, I ask us! But I really loved his daughter. He Keithmaker to say contraband summer last, and he garbled beyond recognition it has discovered saying so since then it was loved. “We just the heart melts he says to find him, putting as I was to pick him up yet another gave me yet, Steven and gave him a hWho. I was my little favorite boy is my favorite and "Who's proud?" He said, and his proudly pointed out and said "She was just tightly extra!" On the rest of proud to me. So that for proud to be red. So that this way he was just getting to me. Meen was just as a fortifying me, and she gave me yet a
  r=0.25 (k=42)   : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little words of versions are just too funny! But, I really blame our good friend, She taught. He Keithm to say contraband summer last, and though he garbled recognition beyond it but then saying since it was so other. And then he skets the heart just melts. Tonight as I was putting him to Steith yet gave me another smile. Sheary gave a hunt and gave him a good boy IWho is my favorite little in the world?" He was his chest out, and stuck his proudly said and "Mely pointed out an extra tighty. So to proud for that. So to be my son.
  r=0.5 (k=84)    : Killing the mormons (he doesn't care much for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend. She taught Keith to say contraband last summer, and though he garbled it beyond recognition has loved saying since it then. And other things he says just melts the heart. Tonight as I was putting him to bed, Keith gave me yet another pununtary smile. I gave him a hunt and asked me a hWho is my little favorite boy?" " He loved his stuck out, and his chest with pointed out and his proudly said!" "Mely he got an extra tightze for that squeeze. So to be my son.

[197 tok] IN : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Low Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Brand Reputation Revenue. This is a five stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Driver Tree Company Value Gross Margin Delivery Costs. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Driver Tree, Org Chart, Hierarchy. ...easily downloaded and saved in other format i. e. JPG and PDF. Presentation slide can be personalized with company name, logo and icon. Useful for business professionals and executives.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : seting this Presentation of the Drivers Line Large Market Scandian Table. This is a three aspect process. The stage in this process are Value Drivers, Driility Utvers, Dorth Wrivers. Presenting Drop of all with name of slides Dannum Box Revenue Reput Brand Reception. This is a five stage process. This is a representative process in this Value are Drivers, Utility Dash Wag, D.Wigge Presenting this set of Player Room VAR database - Value Dit Margin Deli Gross Tvery. This stage is a process in the process. This stage are part of AT, Chore Tree, Danno (Familyton, and @as changed.txt *Picker and run on java. JPG and J.&PG) Project will take storage and work in the business managers and suppliers.
  r=0.25 (k=50)   : seting this Present of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Top Size Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Driility Utvers, Worthrivers. Presenting this set of slides with name of Dann Reton - Marvelond announced Reputation. This is a five process stage. The period process is in this Value Drivers, Utrivers Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Tree Value Driver Margin Deli Gross Tvery. This is a three stage. This process is a period. In the stages process, Driver Tree Charty, Hierarchy.com/ Then changed and do joved in this format. I have saved and JPG.& tab and storage can be installed. Network / collaborative posts, business and budgets. Quality and business executives for
  r=0.5 (k=99)    : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Brandation Reut. This is a five stage process. This is a five process in this stages are Drivers, Utrivers Dorth, Wrivers Presentation. Presenting this set of slides with name - Tree Value Driver Margin Delross Tivery. Costs is a three stage. This process included in this process. On the Value are Driver, Chart, Or Hierarchy.com/eas changed and checkout. I have saved in java. JPG and slide. PDF can be installed by company, visualizer and Windows name. Companies for business and budgets. Quality executives and business executives include

[196 tok] IN : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving activation letters with step-by-step instructions to register for ParentPay. ParentPay can be linked to your existing MyGovScot MyAccount, meaning no need to remember any additional usernames and passwords, and up to six children can be added to one ParentPay login if they attend a ParentPay school. By summer 2020 Renfrewshire Council hope to significantly reduce - and where possible eliminate - cash handling and processing in all schools by encouraging all parents to use ParentPay. We'll keep you updated on each phase of the project with go-live dates for more schools.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : The online secure payment system is no longer to have no longer will take no longer to gain them and cheque their books of the run school, and won't children exposed to the dangers of carrying - such as cash or bullying. Parents and pupils of carers and these schools will be at receiving step with activation letters-step to register instructions-by-track to 30 people. You can be linked to your existing MyGot MyAccount MyChat, no need any remember to consider them, and sts up to six children, and can also be added to one I'Pay Round 30 different school. Parenting a Long Bank and Reno Council decided to hope demographic Council (will meet US and increasing costs in these means - and reduce cash processing and in all kinds of users to let Agged to all these users. You want to get in the new for more than ease of schools.
  r=0.25 (k=49)   : The online secure payment means parents system and carers will no longer have to search cash for or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying - such as cash or bullying. Parents and pupils of carers and these schools will be receiving step with activation letters to-by-step instructions for register to ParentPayay can be linked. ~~~ your existing MyPotGScov MyAccount any need, no remember to use them additional us and trusternames, up to six children and can be added to one I think if ViewPay a school. Parenting People 459. Isfrew program to hope Council and significantly reduce - possible where 90% and eliminate cash in all kinds and by all schools inclusive to use IUSP to Parent You’re allowed in order of each updated on the project-live go with dates for more schools.
  r=0.5 (k=98)    : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving activation with step-by-step instructions to register for ParentPay. Parenting can be linked to your existing MyGotScov MyAccount, meaning no need to remember any additional uss and passwordernames, and up to six children can be added to one Parenting 8Pay if they login a Randay school. By summer 2020 Renfrews Council hope to significantly reduce - and possible where bulk - eliminate cash and in all kinds by encouraging all schools and users to use. ParentPay We'll keep you on each updated phase of the project-live with go-live dates for more schools.

[151 tok] IN : Chris Fowler walked (3-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boudria no advance. Nick Herzog singled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-2 KKBB); Nick Herzog advanced to second; Chris Fowler advanced to third; Kyle Boudria scored. Stanley to p for Kelleher. Anthony Sear reached on a fielder's choice (1-2 SSFBF); Eddie Riley advanced to second; Nick Herzog advanced to third; Chris Fowler out at home 3b to c.
  r=0.125 (k=19)  : Chris Fowler ran the last full to Bylech Kara Bylengz. Her singogz, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris FRAIN, to four; Kyle second advanced to E. third to advanced Eddie singled Riley left through the side left, the KJK); Nickston Briguez was quite second to advanced degree in the BAS; third Kergide. Stanford moved for p. Stanley to p.14-Diender's choice (10.FIGBACK EF); Rddie DFTA E. The third of advanced to join Sunday; Chris BF Fow out at 3b to c. home
  r=0.25 (k=38)   : Chris Fowler 7.-1 (3 walked BBK); Kyle Boud no advanceria. Herogz singin, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie singled Riley left through the side, RBI-299 KK); Nickrazyl second than advanced; Chris Bowler to third advanced; Kyle Bowley scored. Kyle for Stanria to pher. Anthony Searer reached on a field's choice (1FUNDF), Eddie); RF-8 to second advanced; Nickzogz - The next to fully advanced, at Fow outb to home. 3 c
  r=0.5 (k=76)    : Chris Fowler (3-1 walked BBKBB); Kyle Boud no advanceria. Nick Herzogled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-2 KKBB); Nick Herogz advanced to second; Chris Fowler advanced to third; Kyle B., scored Stanley for p. Kelleher S. Anthony for Searer reached a field on choice (1's SSFDEVICE EF; Riez advanced to second; Nick Shogz, advanced to Chris third Fowler out at 3b c.

