[6 tok] IN : keep me going.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : keep me keep me keep going to keep me keep me keep me. That is going to keep keep keep keep me keep keep keep keep keep going keep keep keep me keep
  r=0.25 (k=2)    : keep me keep me keep going to keep me keep me keep me. That is going to keep keep keep keep me keep keep keep keep keep going keep keep keep me keep
  r=0.5 (k=3)     : keep me keep me keep going to keep me keep me keep me keep keep me keep keep keep me keep keep keep keep going to keep keep keep me keep keep keep going

[11 tok] IN : mid-70s to 80s?).
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : mid-year mid-year mid-to- mid-year mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid we were mid mid mid- mid mid
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : mid-year mid-year-to- mid-year mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid we were mid mid- mid mid mid
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : mid-year to 80s.).

[12 tok] IN : itance, and extensive automatic coercions.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : itance, and it was allititance, and it was to make anitititance.ititititititance,itititit
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : itance, and itititititance, and it was allititance. Inititititance,ititititanceititit
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : itance, and extensive automatic extensive coions.

[18 tok] IN : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual Machine (JVM), Java platform
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : The JO was used to make a new JIP platform platform
  r=0.25 (k=5)    : The JRE consists of the Java Machine (VM), Java platform
  r=0.5 (k=9)     : The JRE consists of the Java Machine (VM), Java platformM

[23 tok] IN : UPG files are used by several different software programs and hardware devices that determine how to use the files.
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : UTIN.D.com/Tests to use the files.
  r=0.25 (k=6)    : UPG files are used by different devices and hardware programs that are available for the files.
  r=0.5 (k=12)    : UPG files are used by different software programs and hardware devices that determine how to use the files.

[45 tok] IN : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Ching encouraged employees to study an internal web page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.125 (k=6)   : ing to say Director Legal Legal Don’t aiming to be encouraged to the National Revolution’s Director of the FITs case for up the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.25 (k=12)   : ’ll She’s Legal Donny Chambering to an internal web page that the Ane page that the companyDutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.5 (k=23)    : She’ll’s Legal Donny Chambering to employees to study an internal web page that the AngloDutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.

[30 tok] IN : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative fuels industry, in particular in the e-mobility and natural gas sectors.
  r=0.125 (k=4)   : Since 2012, he has been working in the working-figent in the case, he has been working with large sectors. Abry gas
  r=0.25 (k=8)    : Since 2012, he has been working in the fuels industry. As a superfuels and natural natural gas and natural sectors.
  r=0.5 (k=15)    : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative fuels industry, in particular in the e-mobility and natural gas sectors.

[34 tok] IN : He was in a nursing home the last 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) and could
  r=0.125 (k=5)   : He was in a nursing home nursing life of his 6 weeks and his life of the last year. He was a home or family children or family (I could
  r=0.25 (k=9)    : He was in a nursing home nursing last life of his 6 weeks and he wanted to be home and he was not (no alone or family children or
  r=0.5 (k=17)    : He was in a nursing home last 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) or could

[50 tok] IN : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and stay optimistic. The opportunity to connect with her could be across the corner. Be conscious of the truth that girls view males as predators by default,” Joanna says.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : of the first harm’t be upset by it in peace and it goes to be a lot of the person. But the conscious of the truth that the conscious of Beasons as controls view infators upon by future,” says Joanna says.
  r=0.25 (k=13)   : don’t have be upset, go away in peace and stay optimistic. The opportunity to connect with the face. My could be across the conscious of the Beyles that view males as predators by default by Le says.anna says
  r=0.5 (k=25)    : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and stay optimistic. The opportunity to connect her with the face across the corner of the conscious. Be girls that view males as predators by default,” Jo says.

[54 tok] IN : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's men's soccer program for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad after previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : and his last year Men's College. The College of the Men's College Meny Men's Men's College for his fourth season for his fourth season and issued in 2018, his third and his third-time squad squad after the previously coaching 2011.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Varsoay. Tamo returned to the Saint's soccer men's soccer season for his fourth season by his business in 2018, and his third and his squad after the squad in coaching previously 2011.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's soccer men's program for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad after coaching in 2011.

[53 tok] IN : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him to suffer great pain and anguish and incur medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : ineffective and incriges alleges to be known to the other agent alleges that the slank alleges to the sut and pain and angiish and medical expenses in addition to addition in addition to his unable to perform his duties.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries that the dralutal assault have caused and assaults to cause him to suffer great pain and anguish and medical expenses in addition to expenses in addition to perform unable to perform his duties.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him to cause great pain and anguish incur medical expenses in addition to leaving unable to him to perform his daily duties.

[58 tok] IN : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SAFB1 tags and further investigation, including NCAM1 minigene experiments (also discussed below), confirmed SAFB1 knockdown did alter their expression.
  r=0.125 (k=8)   : (BYNYNY1, SYNYNYNYNY1B1 SB1 tags and SB1 EDG, including NCISS (see experiments), (also discussed below SAFBAF1 knockdown did not alter their expression.
  r=0.25 (k=15)   : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple imagesB1 tags and SBAM, including NC1 (see experiments), Tigalso discussed (BAF SBAF knockdown did alterative expression.
  r=0.5 (k=29)    : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SAF1 tags and further investigation, including NCAM1 minigene experiments (also discussed below), confirmed SAFB1 knockdown did alter their expression.

[116 tok] IN : Realistically, chances are I will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your BubbleTalk. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that keep it from happening. Even if your total score did not exceed 50, look at your individual answers.
  r=0.125 (k=15)  : istically Realist, I will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t like for people like me for people like a matter of luck is a fate or whatever you’re getting some time you’ve been some to do in regard to do what the BalkbleubT. This is really rich, you don't want to other words, you cannot represent this hard experience with advanced abundance, but if you don't think, if we did not have an ongoing score total score. Even if did not exceed 5 percent at all individual answers.
  r=0.25 (k=29)   : istically Realist, I will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting me like a matter of luck or fate. If you don't got more than you’ve got some work to do in regard to do the Balkble. Your conscious and consconscious thoughts may be out of words. In other words, you cannot experience with better abundance financial experience, but may be your beliefs causing you to make decisions that it is happening. Even if the total score did not exceed 50, at look at your individual answers.
  r=0.5 (k=58)    : istically Real chances, are never will be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your BubbleTalk. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing your attention to make decisions that it from happening. Even if the total score did not exceed 50, at look at your individual answers.

[84 tok] IN : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C ports (you need one to connect to your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt 3 video out, so a dual 4K display setup is not possible from this Dock. For reference, an iTunes movie file (Gone Girl) at 6.
  r=0.125 (k=11)  : There is 5GBs through 5’t display SV’re since they’re not Displayer In two- USB ports (you need one to plan (you need to support D’t) Mac Qoltb video 3olt, a dual 4DE display 4K display display a different example, i.com> (A) For example, it will not add an Displayer SIT, the EF-SHA, the two-loading the right-time, as a two-buffs (C) and one need to make sure the one or more details. It is a possible to help the QB, the GF video 3](#junge
  r=0.25 (k=21)   : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two-C USB ports (you need one to plan) don’t support your MacF’ video 3oltbird 3 video a dual 4 displayK display setup is not possible. Dock this reference, i. For an example (Tunes file) Girl at 6.
  r=0.5 (k=42)    : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two-C USB ports (you need one to connect your Mac) don’t support Thunder Tholt 3 video, so out a dual 4K display setup is not possible for thisock. For reference, an Sock iTunes file (Gone Girl) at 6.

[124 tok] IN : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry milk! shhh don’t tell my mama about this! Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions?. . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars are amongst the most searched for cigars in the world. So, we try to keep La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars in stock at all times.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : , Yes, they have you wraw Stana and I don’thhhh! If they have seen it, Hahaha kidding. If you have a good choice. If you think what you do. . We might have . . "This is an answer. "This is that the real idea of Robin Telo Gran Rob Robinson Institute, Fabophicmarsic cigaretttic." The PostMustic Way, Carlo Caric, and the US Geic Robin GranON Robustic Connectic cigarette in stock at all times.
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : , Yes, they have wraw Strawberry milk! sh don’thh! It is about thisama! Hah kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? . We will . . We have an answer. "This is what I look like Justin Slian La Room." Iron Nikophutus Robgin Nikicutars are cigaretttic for the most searched in the world. So, the world to keep Flor La Flor to keep Jim Rana Robin Verusto Lake Connectic cigaret stock in all at times.
  r=0.5 (k=62)    : , Yes, they have Banana Strawberry milk! She don’t tell my mama about this! Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Floric DominicONana Rob Football Granutic Connecticuto cigars are cigreated for the most searched amongst the world. So, we try to keep La Flor to keep Jim SECDS SEC, Granic Robusto Connectic cigars in stock at all times.

[121 tok] IN : (Speaker), “Philanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in Post New Order Era,” KITLV-IIAS Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? The Political Networks of Islamic Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia,” the International Conference on Religion and the Politics of Development: Priests, Potentates and “Progress”, 28 - 29 August 2013, Singapore. (Convenor, with Z.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : (Speaker (Philanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in Citizurland, we currently DeLITV-electinarASII, Semin January 2013. 18 September, 2013. (Turstabited), “Estronage or Compractes of Christian and the Economics of Development. Politics and the Politics of the Development in International Conference,” the International Conference on the Vervacy for the International Conference, which approved by the International ProgressProgress and 28 August 26, 2013, 29 August, Z.Convenor with Z
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : (Speaker (Philanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in Wizra Order EraLITVL,” VinarAS-II, Leiden, September 2013. (Speaker), “stabeyEstron or Instage Compatitions Collect the Changing Political Networks. The Political Economics of the Politics and Development in the International Conference,” the Religion and the Religics of Development: Priests and Potgress, and “Progress:** 28 August 26, 2013, - Singapore. (Convenor with Z
  r=0.5 (k=61)    : (Speaker), “Philanthy and Muslim Citizenship in Post New Order Era,” KITLV-IIAS Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? The Political Networks of Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia on the International Conference,” the Religion and the Religics of Development: Priters, and “Progressates and James 28 9, 29 August 26, 2013, Singapore. (Convenor with Z

[167 tok] IN : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend Shem. He taught Keith to say contraband last summer, and though he garbled it beyond recognition has loved saying it since then. And then other things he says just melts the heart. Tonight as I was putting him to bed, Keith gave me yet another involuntary smile. I gave him a hug and asked "Who is my favorite little boy in the world?" He stuck his chest out, and with his thumb pointed proudly and said "Me!" He got an extra tight squeeze for that. So proud to be my son.
  r=0.125 (k=21)  : Killing the mhe doesn't (heck) for bugs and bugs for me to eat any not to eatons. Sometimes little words of kids are just versions of my next, really I really look about. But I was his fellow. He moith to say contra last summer, though he garbled it and though he had saying it loved so much saying it says other things he just other things he called, then gave me as I was putting as well as he Keith, gave me a fortons. I gave him a gest and gave me. I was my mother is my little favorite is my little boyfriend and my favorite is going to go down his thumb and his back with his "shaking once." "The He got me to that for So. So that it is that the only one of my business. So, I was then, and then he had been saying that he got into a hard to me, and gave him a gesture. I gave him a one of his
  r=0.25 (k=42)   : Killing the mormonshe doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little versions of kids are just words too funny just! But I really blame our good friend. He was taught Keith to say contraband last summer, then he garbled it though he remains recognition beyond having discovered it saying so much everyone he says other things just the heartts. melts the Tonight as I was putting him, Steith, gave me yet another involuntary smile yet gave him. I gave me a hWho is my little favorite is my little thing in the world?" He turned out his chest and with his thumb, and his proudly got this!" "Leurtedly that for So. After that to be my son.
  r=0.5 (k=84)    : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But I really blame, our good friend Shem taught. He Keith to say contraband last summer, and though he garbled it has recognition beyond loved saying it then. And then other things he just says melts the heart. Tonight as I was putting him to bed, Keith gave me yet another involuntary smile yet gave him a hug and asked "Who is my favorite little boy in the world?" He stuck in his chest and out, his laptop with his friends and pointedly proud!" "Meo this an extra tight roze for that. So proud to be my son.

[197 tok] IN : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Low Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Brand Reputation Revenue. This is a five stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Driver Tree Company Value Gross Margin Delivery Costs. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Driver Tree, Org Chart, Hierarchy. ...easily downloaded and saved in other format i. e. JPG and PDF. Presentation slide can be personalized with company name, logo and icon. Useful for business professionals and executives.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : ing Presenting this list of name - Value with Files Line Large Market Scarck. This is a three process. The stage process in this process are Value Drivers Driility Utvers, Wrivers, Drivers. Presenting of this set with name - Value Dutte Reroll Reput Margins Reactation. This is a five stages. The process in this case are Value DT are object, Utility D. R. Present Dashvers, Present. Derty' name Value - Value of DAR database in Tross Margin Delgina Tross's Fross, Editic Chructure process. This stages are provided by the new version of Hourage, Charty, H. F. I have changed in java. I have changed in the other time and other data in the form of the other landscape. You are available in the form of these titles are provided by each website.
  r=0.25 (k=50)   : ing Presenting of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Line Competition Low Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Drivers, Utility Drivers, Wrivers. Dorth Presenting this set of slides with name - Driton Revenue Marutation Revenue Reutation. This is a five stages process. The stages are D Value are process, Utriversility, Drivers Present. Drivers Presenting of this slides set of name - Value Driver Site. This works | Edgin Delross Margin's stage. This is a three process in stages. The process is included in this paper, Charty, Hgarty, and Allasily downloaded from jas. I changed in java and run. JPG and PDF can be Presentation with your name, company and business managers. Useful for business executives and managers.
  r=0.5 (k=99)    : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Reputation Revenue Revenue. This is a five stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, W. Present Driversing of this slides set of name - Value Driver Company Tree Tree Company Gross Marginivery Costs. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process works Driver Value Driver, Orgarty Hierarchy. ...easily and downloaded in other format. I see J. JPG and run. PDF can be Presentation with digital name, and logo. Useful and business executives.

[196 tok] IN : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving activation letters with step-by-step instructions to register for ParentPay. ParentPay can be linked to your existing MyGovScot MyAccount, meaning no need to remember any additional usernames and passwords, and up to six children can be added to one ParentPay login if they attend a ParentPay school. By summer 2020 Renfrewshire Council hope to significantly reduce - and where possible eliminate - cash handling and processing in all schools by encouraging all parents to use ParentPay. We'll keep you updated on each phase of the project with go-live dates for more schools.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : online secure The payment of care and parents carers and no longer have to search for their cheque books and the school run ahead of the school, and won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as bully or thefting care and Parents and pupils of puproxy will receive three types and attempt to end-by-step instructions to Parenting for ParentPay linked to be linked to your existing My MyGQ your existing type, no meaning no need, no need to share them and passwords, and passwords up to a few group added to one I can also be added to higher than a new school. By summer schooling Fokeley and to reduce hope that will not receive less higher and hope to follow all kinds of all students in all by encouraging parents and all kinds of all users to be linked to the FPay. You can be linked to the same time. More than 15-year schools and
  r=0.25 (k=49)   : online secure payment system means parents care and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as bully or thefting. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving key letters with stepby-step instructions to Parenting for ParentPay to ParentPay can be linked to your MyGotScovAccount, no meaning no need any remember us to any additional passwords and password, and to build up the server I also added to one older adults if they attend a login business. By schoolPay school. Today, you left to reduce hope and must receive higher increase if and Save handling - and processing in all kinds to keep all by encouraging parents. Parenting to I'll keep you on each phase of the updated on-time dates. Be more schools for
  r=0.5 (k=98)    : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving key parts with stepby-step instructions to register for Parenting ParentPay. ParentPay can be linked to your MyGotScov My MyAccount, no meaning no need to remember any additional passwordernames and passwords up to six children can be added to one ParentPay login if they don't reflect a school. By summer Renra Renfrew program Council hope to significantly reduce - where possible and eliminate cash processing in all kinds and by all schools to improve all comments to use ParentPay. We'll keep you on each phase of the project with go-live dates.

[151 tok] IN : Chris Fowler walked (3-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boudria no advance. Nick Herzog singled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-2 KKBB); Nick Herzog advanced to second; Chris Fowler advanced to third; Kyle Boudria scored. Stanley to p for Kelleher. Anthony Sear reached on a fielder's choice (1-2 SSFBF); Eddie Riley advanced to second; Nick Herzog advanced to third; Chris Fowler out at home 3b to c.
  r=0.125 (k=19)  : Chris Fowler Chris EQ-1 BBK, Kyle Boudria; Brief. Herzogled, buntled (2K); BBK-1); Kraang to second; Kyle Bestide to third advanced. Bustie Riley singled Ranky, KBI (2-25 mg). The Bewra, my second advanced Sunday, Chris Fowhide. Bowley scored in May. Stanley scored no number of new Eokower's choice for CF-8's choice (1F-8), DF EFBFEVICE EF; Nick Her second; Nick Fowler at 3 to 3 out of home. 3
  r=0.25 (k=38)   : Chris Fowler walked (3K BBBB); Kyle Boudria no advance. Herogz sing Nick Druled, bunthar-1); BBKler Fow advanced to second; Kyle Boudria to third advanced. Rue singled Riley left through the left side, RBI (2-299); NickKow, Her advanced to Nick Fowler Chris Fowler; Keal to third-oud. Stanria scored for K. Anthony for Kherelleer’s reached on a pairer choice (1F-8). DF-2 EFBFotal Riley to second; Nick Herokie, advanced SSLow Falls out at home 3 cb to
  r=0.5 (k=76)    : Chris Fowler walked (3-1 BBK); Kyle Boudria no advance. Nick Herzog singled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-299); NickKBB, Herogz advanced second; Chris Fowler advanced to third Kyle; Koudria scored Stanley. p., for Kherelle. Anthony for Sear reached on a pairer choice's SSF-2F); EFBiley advanced Riley to second; Nick Herogz advanced third; Chris Bowler out at home 3 c.

