[6 tok] IN : keep me going.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : keep me keep going to keep it.
  r=0.25 (k=2)    : keep me keep going to keep it.
  r=0.5 (k=3)     : keep me keep going to keep it.

[11 tok] IN : mid-70s to 80s?).
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : mid-day we't mid-to- mid-year- mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid we were mid mid- mid mid mid mid
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : mid-day mid- we't mid-to- mid- mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid we considered mid- mid mid mid mid to
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : mid-70s to 80s).? (s).). Let's not to mid mid- mid mid mid we mid- mid mid mid mid70 to mid

[12 tok] IN : itance, and extensive automatic coercions.
  r=0.125 (k=2)   : ititance, and it was allitititititititititititititititititititititititititit
  r=0.25 (k=3)    : ititance, and it was allitititititititititititititititititititititititititit
  r=0.5 (k=6)     : itance, and extensive automatic coercions.

[18 tok] IN : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual Machine (JVM), Java platform
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : The Joint The The The JREF platform, JavaScript (M
  r=0.25 (k=5)    : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual (JV Machine), JavaM platform
  r=0.5 (k=9)     : The JRE consists of the Java Virtual (JV MachineM platform), Java

[23 tok] IN : UPG files are used by several different software programs and hardware devices that determine how to use the files.
  r=0.125 (k=3)   : UPGS I will find the use of the files.
  r=0.25 (k=6)    : UPG files are used by several different software programs and the use of the data files.
  r=0.5 (k=12)    : UPG files are used by several different software programs and devices that determine how to use the files.

[45 tok] IN : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Ching encouraged employees to study an internal web page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.125 (k=6)   : Director’s Legal Director of the Legal Revolution’s Director of the HERF’s in the case for the case we went up on the case for responding to questions about and relatives.
  r=0.25 (k=12)   : Shell’s Legal Director Director to travel an employees to study encouraged the web internal page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.
  r=0.5 (k=23)    : Shell’s Legal Director Donny Choulding encouraged to study an internal web page that the Anglo-Dutch company set up for the case before responding to questions from relatives and friends.

[30 tok] IN : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative fuels industry, in particular in the e-mobility and natural gas sectors.
  r=0.125 (k=4)   : Since he has been working in the working working party, he has been working in the industry and the industry.
  r=0.25 (k=8)    : Since he has been working in the fuels alternative, it is the fuels and the natural gas and natural sectors.
  r=0.5 (k=15)    : Since 2012, he has been working in the alternative fuels industry, in particular the e-mobility and natural gas sectors.

[34 tok] IN : He was in a nursing home the last 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) and could
  r=0.125 (k=5)   : home in a nursing nursing year and his 6 weeks of the last life of the first time of the life or family (I can or children) and could
  r=0.25 (k=9)    : home in a nursing home was a last 6 weeks of his life and he was going to be home, but I did (no children or family) could
  r=0.5 (k=17)    : He was in a nursing home the last 6 weeks of his life and he wanted to be home, but I was alone (no children or family) could

[50 tok] IN : However don’t be upset, go away it in peace and stay optimistic. The opportunity to connect with her could be across the corner. Be conscious of the truth that girls view males as predators by default,” Joanna says.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : t be upset, don’t be a chance. But you’t be said. "Yeah, the person of the conscious of the desert. Be the conscious of others rigues expressed by default by militators,” Joanna says.
  r=0.25 (k=13)   : However don’t be upset, go away and stay in peace and stay optimistic opportunity. The opportunity to connect with her the corner. Be conscious of the brain view together Although others jurines as by default,” Joanna says.
  r=0.5 (k=25)    : However don’t be upset, go away in it peace and stay optimistic opportunity. The opportunity to connect with her could be the corner across. Be conscious of the girls truth that view males predators by default,” Joanna says.

[54 tok] IN : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soccer Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's men's soccer program for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad after previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : College Menels's Lels. The first team of the last year's first for his second season's last season was his fourth for his season and coach in 2018, his third and straight in his fall with the squad after previously coaching in 2011.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : Michaels College Men’s Vars Team. Soccer Team Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's soccer men's program for his fourth season in 2018, and coach in his third straight and his fall with the squad previously after coaching in 2011.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : Michaels College Men’s Varsity Soc Team. Tamayo returned to the Saint Michael's soccer men's soccer program for his fourth season as an assistant coach in 2018, and his third straight fall with the squad after previously coaching in 2011.

[53 tok] IN : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him to suffer great pain and anguish and incur medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.125 (k=7)   : Qrank alleges that the car. Valle the contract to the ganke and the first and gestures to have been and pain angish and adital medical incurred in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.25 (k=14)   : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries in the brutant who have caused assault and will have caused to cause him great to suffer and anguish medical and incurred in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.
  r=0.5 (k=27)    : LaFrank alleges that the personal injuries he sustained in the brutal assault have caused and will continue to cause him great pain and anguish and incur medical expenses in addition to leaving him unable to perform his daily duties.

[58 tok] IN : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B are examples of genes with multiple SAFB1 tags and further investigation, including NCAM1 minigene experiments (also discussed below), confirmed SAFB1 knockdown did alter their expression.
  r=0.125 (k=8)   : SY1, NCNY1, NCA, the expression of the PEGF1B1B1B1 tags and further, including NCAM, and investigation (Celtene experiments), discussed below (AF SBAF), knockdown did not confirm their expression.
  r=0.25 (k=15)   : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4 are examples of genes with multiple SAFB1 tags and further, including NCAM investigation, and PPE passes (as above discussed below), SAFB confirmed knockdown did not affect their expression.
  r=0.5 (k=29)    : NCAM1, SYNPO2, ASTN and PDE4B examples are of genes with multiple SAF1 tags andB further, including NCAM1 minigene experiments (also discussed below), SAFB1 knockdown did alter their expression.

[116 tok] IN : Realistically, chances are I will never be rich. Getting rich isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your BubbleTalk. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that keep it from happening. Even if your total score did not exceed 50, look at your individual answers.
  r=0.125 (k=15)  : istically Realways, are really possible. Getting rich isn’t really rich. Talk about me like people for like a matter of luck is a fate or fear. If you got 50, you’ve got some to do in regard to your BalkbleubT. Your conscious and conscious conscious of the other words. In other words, you might occur. In other words, your financial abundance experience, but if you can’t have an impact of the decline. If you did not reach total score at 5 percent look at the individual answers.
  r=0.25 (k=29)   : istically Real, are I will never be rich. Getting isn’t rich for people like me. Getting like me is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to regard in your tubbleTalk. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment may be. In other words, you're about financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing to make decisions that it happening from. If it will return the total score if did not look at 50, your individual answers.
  r=0.5 (k=58)    : istically Real, chances are I will never be rich. Getting isn’t for people like me. Getting rich is a matter of luck or fate. If you got more than 50, you’ve got some work to do in regard to your BubbleTalk. Your conscious and subconscious thoughts may be out of alignment. In other words, you might want to experience financial abundance, but your beliefs may be causing you to make decisions that keep it from happening. Even if your score did not total exceed at your individual answers.

[84 tok] IN : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C ports (you need one to connect to your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt 3 video out, so a dual 4K display setup is not possible from this Dock. For reference, an iTunes movie file (Gone Girl) at 6.
  r=0.125 (k=11)  : There is 5GBs. There is a different application of current does not make they’re DisplayPort, USB ports-Cam Click right to need one (you don’t support your Mac) Tholtb video 32-wields a dual moment display is possible for setup i <BT>After, an iToken movie.com> You can not require an example, as a few-time ports, the UC-CLE-C-C-C-C-Center) and the need to make one option (you don’t need to support the other popeb video, and a 4B EEGF, a dual display is
  r=0.25 (k=21)   : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB ports (Cam need oneyou to connect) don’t support your Macidie video 3bolt out, a dual 4 so display setup is not possible from this Dock. For reference, iToken movie an FIT file (G Girl) at 6.
  r=0.5 (k=42)    : There is 5GBs throughput via USB-C, but since they’re not DisplayPort, these two USB-C ports (you need one to connect your Mac) don’t support Thunderbolt 3 video out, so a dual 4B setup display is not possible from this paper. For referenceock, iTunes movie file (Gone Girl) at 6.

[124 tok] IN : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry milk! shhh don’t tell my mama about this! Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions?. . . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars are amongst the most searched for cigars in the world. So, we try to keep La Flor Dominicana SECONDS Gran Robusto Connecticut cigars in stock at all times.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : Yes, they have Banh! Would you don't shhh! Don't have been amongst the roads around Hahaha kidding. If you have a brain.where us what you think. . We might have . .. This answer is "This I what look on what is. "So I have an old Dragon Robinson Centers," Nikibilic is amongst the most are housed for the old man is a real for the old town." Historic Lusto Patrick SECZON Connecticusto Robut Rockers in stock at all times.
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry! shhh! Don't get this about mama my father saysah Yaha d. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Floric Dominian Nation Justin Nikophutke Robech Network 800993 while the are amongstmutars in the searched for most cigars. So, the world to keep La Raicana SECDS GranON Connecticusto Robutust in stock at all times.
  r=0.5 (k=62)    : Yes, they have Banana and Strawberry! shhh! Don’t tell my mama about this! Haha kidding. If you have a brain tell us what you think. Questions? . We might have an answer. "This is what I look like on television!" La Floric Dominana SECDSON Robustic Connecticut cigarso for the most amongst are searched for the most cigars in world. So, we try to keep La Floric Dominana SECDSON Argusto Connectic cigars cigut at all stock times.

[121 tok] IN : (Speaker), “Philanthropy and Muslim Citizenship in Post New Order Era,” KITLV-IIAS Seminar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? The Political Networks of Islamic Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia,” the International Conference on Religion and the Politics of Development: Priests, Potentates and “Progress”, 28 - 29 August 2013, Singapore. (Convenor, with Z.
  r=0.125 (k=16)  : (Speaker), the “Gy Citiz and Muslim Citizenship on the International Conference,” DITLV-AS,” SeminarzASII, September 2013. (Spe 18 September, 2013. “Sabsteyed Publishing Progoage or dependency in the Gulf of Congress. Integrates the Politics and Development of the Politics in the International Conference on the International Conference on the Religious Conference of the International PITL, and the International Bureau issued by 8, 28 - December 2014 (Convenor, with Z.
  r=0.25 (k=31)   : (Speaker), thePhilropyanth Citizenship in Muslim END Order Newra ELITV,” KL-II Seminar, Leiden, September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Pattenage or qualoting Collective Changes? Political Economological Networks of the Development and Politics in the International Conference on the Religion International Conference and the Religion of Development: Priests, Potates and PotProgress, 28 - December 26, 2014 (Convenor, with Z.
  r=0.5 (k=61)    : (Speaker), “Philropyanth Citizenship in New Post Order Era,” KITLV-IIAS Viinar, Leiden, 18 September 2013. (Speaker), “Establishing Patronage or Promoting Collective Changes? Political Networks The Networks of Charities and the Politics of Development in Indonesia,” the International Conference on Religion and the Politics of: Development Priests, Potates and “Progress”, 28 - August 2013, Singapore. (Convenor, with Z.

[167 tok] IN : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But really, I blame our good friend Shem. He taught Keith to say contraband last summer, and though he garbled it beyond recognition has loved saying it since then. And then other things he says just melts the heart. Tonight as I was putting him to bed, Keith gave me yet another involuntary smile. I gave him a hug and asked "Who is my favorite little boy in the world?" He stuck his chest out, and with his thumb pointed proudly and said "Me!" He got an extra tight squeeze for that. So proud to be my son.
  r=0.125 (k=21)  : Killing the mormy. It doesn't care for bugs) much for yourself to not eat any monsorm. Sometimes little words of versions are just amazing things." But I really, blame our world. He taughtm Keith. He asked to say contraband summer, and last though he hits beyond its continent over saying it loved so he says just other things he says just other things he is putting as I was beaten. He was putting as Iblie, Keith gave him a boy. I gave him one and asked hWho and asked "Who was a hug and asked me. He said, his proudly and back with his thumb, pointed out and his brilliant blo." On the He was just tightly that for proud. So that to get out of the business, I was just as he was putting them to a mono, leaving me up to his bed, Keith gave me a smile. I gave him a hunt and I asked him. I was talking to get a good god and
  r=0.25 (k=42)   : Killing the mormons (he doesn't much care for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little words of versions are just too funny! But, I really blame our good friend, I am taught Keith to say contraband summer last, and though he garbled beyond it recognition but saying it has loved so then other. And then he says just things other melts the heart. Tonight was as I putting him, Steith to bed yet another gave me. I screamary him a good and I was asked hWho?" "W my favorite boy in the world?" He stuck his chest and down, with his pointed out and thumbly watched the fun "Mely an extra tight He got to see that. So for my son to be.
  r=0.5 (k=84)    : Killing the mormons (he doesn't care much for bugs) and warning me not to eat any mormons. Sometimes little kids versions of words are just too funny! But, I really blame our good friend Shem. He taught Keith to say contraband summer last, and though he garbled beyond recognition has loved it saying since then. And other things he just says other clts the heart. Tonight as I was putting him to bed, Keith gave me yet another involuntary. I gave him a hunt and asked "Who is my little favorite boy in the world?" He stuck his chest out, and his back with his thumb and pointed proudly said!" "Meg He got an extra tight squeeze for that. So to be my son.

[197 tok] IN : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Low Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Brand Reputation Revenue. This is a five stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worth Drivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Driver Tree Company Value Gross Margin Delivery Costs. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Driver Tree, Org Chart, Hierarchy. ...easily downloaded and saved in other format i. e. JPG and PDF. Presentation slide can be personalized with company name, logo and icon. Useful for business professionals and executives.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : seting this Present of Name: Setting Bri Market Large Linevers Freedom. This is a Competition stage. The process in this region are available in this process Drivers, Driility, Worthvers. Drivers Presentation of this slides set with name Dash Value - Dut Brandth Repisher Reerves. This is a five process in this stages. The process is Value Datton, Utvers Dobl, D. Present Presentation Wigvers Dash, Value of name - slides with Value DAP Company Ggin Marross Tivery. This is a Costs. This article is beginning to this process in the Value D1 are process. A professiony, Hooky ... Consumeric, bzzo. I do not display cluster in java. i.e. 3 How do I have been set for business and requests. You include business managers and staffing.
  r=0.25 (k=50)   : seting this Present of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Size Competition Low. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Driility Utvers, Worthrivers. Dlimation this set of slides with name Value - Drivers Margins Reputation Revenue. This is a five process stage. This period in this process is Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Drivers Presentation. Winner of this set slides with name - Value of Driver Margin Report Grosston Rivery. This is a three stage process. This is a three stages process in this Value are Driver, Tree Orgarty, H. ... Helhooky in frames and saved the format. e. I Jays and run $(Date slide. Digital design can be installed with name, company and business views. Companies for business and requests.
  r=0.5 (k=99)    : Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Large Market Size Competition. This is a three stage process. The stages in this process are Value Drivers, Utility Drivers, Worthrivers. Presenting this set of slides with name - Value Drivers Margins Reputation Revenue Brandutation. This is a five stage process. This in this process are Value Drivers, Utrivers Dorth, Wrivers Presentation. Presenting this set of slides with name - Tree Driver Value Company Gross Margini Delvery Costs. This is a three stage process. The stages in this Value are process. Driver Tree, Orgart Hierarchy, Hook ...aseily saved in other format and downloaded. JPG& tab. . JPG Presentation slide can be visualized with company name, and Windows logo. Please announce business managers and business views for

[196 tok] IN : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving activation letters with step-by-step instructions to register for ParentPay. ParentPay can be linked to your existing MyGovScot MyAccount, meaning no need to remember any additional usernames and passwords, and up to six children can be added to one ParentPay login if they attend a ParentPay school. By summer 2020 Renfrewshire Council hope to significantly reduce - and where possible eliminate - cash handling and processing in all schools by encouraging all parents to use ParentPay. We'll keep you updated on each phase of the project with go-live dates for more schools.
  r=0.125 (k=25)  : online The secure payment system is no longer to have no longer will be no longer to pay their cheque or books of the school run ahead, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying care and piners. Parents of these schools at least receiving step with decomposition-step days to call with ParentingPay. Parent Parenting to be linked can be linked to your My MyGotic MySQL, meaning no need to remember any passwords and passwords, and not to send up six children can be added to one I think if ViewPay to a right paying summer. By Renra 2020 FPBSs and reducing the first year - but possible to reduce and if necessary -3. Given all those users to keep all kinds in teaching by parents and all users to create the other people with the local achievement for more than you can start with the dates of
  r=0.25 (k=49)   : online The secure payment system means parents care and will no longer have to search cash for or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of these schools at will be receiving stage with key provisions to step-by-step instructions for register to ParentPay. Parenting can be linked to your MyGotSovScount My little hope, no meaning to any additional us and passwords, and send them to six children can be up to six minutes, I choose if I reflect a frontend 12:30%. If Dan Abfrewly Bank. A Long Bush hope to meet but reduce - possible and eliminate rates in all processing and cash handling in all kinds by encouraging parents to all users. We'll keep you on the updated phase of each project-live go for more than dates with the schools.
  r=0.5 (k=98)    : The secure online payment system means parents and carers will no longer have to search for cash or their cheque books ahead of the school run, and children won't be exposed to the dangers of carrying cash - such as theft or bullying. Parents and carers of pupils at these schools will be receiving activation with step-by-step instructions to register for ParentPay. Parenting to be linked to your MyGPot Chount MyScov, meaning no need to remember any additional usernames and passwords, and up to six children can be added to one Parenting if I choose a attendmonth debt. By school Fayozire Bush Councils hope to significantly reduce - and if possible to reduce cash - eliminate and handling all in processing and cash by all schools to use encouraging parents to ParentPay. We'll keep you on the updated each phase of go-live with schools.

[151 tok] IN : Chris Fowler walked (3-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boudria no advance. Nick Herzog singled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-2 KKBB); Nick Herzog advanced to second; Chris Fowler advanced to third; Kyle Boudria scored. Stanley to p for Kelleher. Anthony Sear reached on a fielder's choice (1-2 SSFBF); Eddie Riley advanced to second; Nick Herzog advanced to third; Chris Fowler out at home 3b to c.
  r=0.125 (k=19)  : ler Chris Fowler and the BAS Malord Kyle Bair and former Rozog. Her singled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris FRA Kyle to second; Kyle Binal to third advanced E. Riley singiedd Rileyled through the left side, KAK (2754 mg The Herokue Nick, when advanced Kottman Falls; Chris Bowley scored in the bench. Stanford scored to Bugh, D.OF-8%s set up on a real estate center of SSF-2FUBLF-8); Dddiez, to advanced third Chris Rok Falls; - Gar Fow home out at 3Cab
  r=0.25 (k=38)   : ler Chris Fow (3 walked-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boud no advanceria. Herogz Nick singled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second Kyle Boudria advanced to third. Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI-2 K (275). Her NickKastra, second; Chris Byle advanced to third; Kyle Boudow. Stanley scored to pelle for K. Anthony Searer reached on a field's choice (1Fer Dick SSRITF, Eddie Riley advanced to second; Nick Herzogz advanced to third; Chris Fow out home at 3b c.
  r=0.5 (k=76)    : Chris Fowler walked (3-1 BBKBB); Kyle Boud no advanceria. Nick Herogz singled, bunt (2-1 BBK); Chris Fowler advanced to second; Kyle Boudria advanced to third Eddie Riley singled through the left side, RBI (2-2 KK); Nick Herogz advanced to second; Chris Fowler advanced to third; Kyle Boudow, scored Stanley. Kelle for p. Anthony Searer reached on a field's choice (1Fer-2 SSF); Eddie RF advanced to Riley, The second; Nick Herogz; advanced to third Fowler at home out 3b to c.

